The Sicilian Inheritance (0s):
My whole life, I've been told this one story about my family, about how my great-great-grandmother was killed by the mafia back in Sicily. I was never sure if it was true, so I decided to find out. And even though my uncle Jimmy told me I'd only be making the vendetta worse, I'm going to Sicily anyway. Come to Italy with me to solve this a hundred year old murder mystery. Listen to the Sicilian inheritance on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Mini Questions with Mini Driver (31s):
Imagine you asked two people the same seven questions. I'm mini driver, and this was the idea I set out to explore. in my podcast Mini Questions This year, we bring a whole new group of guests to answer the same seven questions, including Courtney, Cox, Rob Delaney, Liz Fair, and many, many more. Join me on season three of mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.

Wrestling with Freddie (1m 1s):
It's Freddie Prince Jr. And Jeff died back in the ring. Wrestling with Freddie makes its triumphant return for an electrifying fourth season. Hey Jeff, are you ready to rumble our way into an all new season of wrestling with Freddie? You better believe I have. I've been practicing my body slams and I'm Jacked. All right, don't go injuring yourself now. We'll be highlighting the best stories and matches of the week in wrestling from A-E-W-W-W-E and have one-on-one talks with the best talents in the world of pro Wrestling. Listen to wrestling with Freddy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.

6 (1m 35s):
You are listening to The Dan Patrick Show on Fox. Sports Radio.

2 (1m 39s):
Good morning to you, Dan Patrick show, Fox Sports Radio iHeartRadio app. Welcome in. Hope you're doing great. Dan Byers, alongside my man Jason Stewart. And it is a Friday, a golf Friday where we're, well, you know, watching the second round of the Masters reacting the first round of the masters, we still have some, some OJ Simpson, I guess, to discuss whether or not he's worthy of discussion or not. And then we have a coaching hiring of papal levels.

2 (2m 20s):
Is that, is that, am I papal levels? Is that what I gotta say there, Dan? I'm

1 (2m 24s):
Trying to, I'm cover with it. I'm good. I'm good with

2 (2m 25s):
That. Okay. How you doing, Dan? I'm

1 (2m 28s):
Great Doug. I'm great. Masters. First round, wrapping up, second round is already begun. So you've got this converging of rounds at Augusta. So yeah, it's a great day.

2 (2m 39s):
It is a good day. It is a good day.

1 (2m 41s):
White smoke in Lexington, white

2 (2m 43s):
Smoke in Lexington. So Mark Pope is gonna be the new head coach of Big Blue Nation. And if you're sitting there going like, who in the hell is Mark Pope Kentucky? People actually know who Mark Pope is. 'cause he played at Kentucky, started his career at University of Washington, transferred in and played for Rick Pitino at Kentucky, part of one of their national championship teams under Pitino. And he's been the head coach at Utah Valley State and BYU. And just this year he took BYU to the NCA tournament. And yeah, it's, so there's a, there's a lot to unpack there, right?

2 (3m 27s):
Because you sit there going like, wait a second. First they were talking about Dan Hurley, who just won back to back national titles. Then they were talking about Billy Donovan who won back to back national titles, was the last guy do it before Dan Hurley. They're talking about Scott Drew who'd won a national title and as is a top 20 program year in year out of Baylor. And now you're talking about Mark Pope, who I've never heard of before. Again, I, when I say I've never, I'm taking the average college fan of some level, but I gotta say I don't hate it. I mean, I'm just, are we really gonna do the, the whole circus where you have to have been, you have to have been in the SEC just like, let's just do the SEC musical chairs.

2 (4m 14s):
Like, like Bruce Pearl would, would work, but also Bruce Pearl's probably like, I don't know, five years from not coaching anymore. And he already is in the SEC And. you bring a guy home, And I, love the, I love the people. Like, well, look at the recruiting classes he is had, he's at BYU And, and people know I'm big in the Mormon community. I am, I, when I was in Connecticut, I literally had Mormons on each side of my house and incredible neighbors and people, so much so that I am Brother Doug to many people. I'm, I'm, I'm being only half facetious 'cause I really do have a lot of Mormon friends, but like, look, we all kinda know the deal.

2 (4m 56s):
You have to sign an honor code and they actually live up to that honor, honor code in terms of no sex, no drugs, no rock and roll in if you in college. And he's done some unique things at BYU and this year they shot more threes than twos. He's co he's played in the NBA, I don't know, like we, we make it out. Like you have to have, you have to have been some carnival barker in the past to, to coach at Kentucky. And maybe you could just coach. 'cause you played there And, you know how to coach basketball. And we'll see if people leave alone,

1 (5m 28s):
How much is it? Because I think that there are a lot of schools that feel, I think there are a lot of schools at a certain level that have a let's bring them home guy, right? Yeah. Like, and it's not every school, but you have, you have that guy. Honestly, you may be it for Oklahoma State, but that's a completely different story. The point is, is Kentucky seems to be this different animal Yeah. Where bringing a guy home is not good enough. And Don don't know if it's a, you know, third choice, fourth choice, that sort of syndrome. but it sure doesn't equate to any other basketball program in college basketball because Kentucky really isn't like any other program in college basketball.

2 (6m 9s):
No, no. Doesn't mean it's not a precursor for success. You know, I mean, Billy Gillespie, when he went there, I mean, everyone, myself included would've said, man, that that'll work. Right? But I, I also think that part of it is the timing of how things went down in that many of these coaches had already turned down, like the, a different job was Arkansas job or any of these other jobs, the Louisville job. And so they had already gone back to their athletic directors who had, you know, promised them more money and promised them more NIL and or, or some of 'em just have these ridiculous buyouts. And maybe you just sat there and go like, okay, like Mick Cronin would be great, but I gotta pay a $16 million buyout.

2 (6m 51s):
And why would I can bring a, a Kentucky guy home? Obviously, I mean, I believe that every school is different, but for my school, I thought bringing somebody home is, is important because the basketball coach, the foot, I mean the football coach, the baseball coach, the now retiring wrestling coach, John Smith, all alums, And I do think that in recruiting, your recruiting is telling a story, right? Of of what your four years or, you know, 1, 2, 3 years will look like. And when you're recruiting to your school, you're telling your story, there is some definite risk.

2 (7m 32s):
Because if it doesn't work, now all of a sudden do you cut that part of, of your history or of the school's history off if you lose, right? But there's also, there's also a ton to be gained for when it's your guy. There's a lot maybe more loyalty. There's a, it, there's an ability to, to translate what it's like to be a part of Kentucky's big blue nation. And by the way, as much as we could sit here and go, Hey, he's not as accomplished as X, Y, and Z, if we're looking at the five biggest jobs, right? The two others on the eastern seaboard, right?

2 (8m 13s):
North Carolina and Duke, they're both coached by alums. Both of them were never had coaches before they got that job. So like you can be critical of Mark Pope's hiring in comparison to if you were gonna hire Dan Hurley. But whatever you think of what they're doing at North Carolina, having gone to a final four, two years ago, three years, three seasons ago, whatever this year, they were a one seed last year. Obviously disappointed. Didn't make the tournament. And at Duke, John Shire is an alum and they had never coached before at all as head coach. They've been assistant coaches, but had never been head coach at all. And then Of course, the UCLA Korin, who was, who you know, was a well decorated head coach before he got that job.

2 (8m 56s):
And then Kansas was Bill Self and Of course. He was a well decorated head coach. So there's no one perfect way to to, to thread this thing.

1 (9m 5s):
I do think Duke and North Carolina are a bit unique into because of who their predecessors were. Sure.

2 (9m 12s):
Succession plans.

1 (9m 13s):
Yes, absolutely. Sure. And that makes, it makes it tricky. Kentucky is also sitting there saying, and and timing of it isn't a factor because it's Kentucky. Not that the timing's even off. It's different if a coach would leave during the summer, but we're right outta the gates of the final four. I just, I think it's the fact of they also couldn't get what they wanted. They were turned down or the fan base feels that they were turned down by those other options.

2 (9m 42s):
It's funny because it's like the fan base turning on one of their own in Mark Pope is the exact reason that a lot of these coaches are like, whoa.

1 (9m 54s):
Sure.

2 (9m 56s):
And I. It's like, what, what, what is it? Is it, oh man, is it Kingpin? Yeah. This thing that's kingpin. Where, where, where he says, who are you calling Psycho? You know, it's like, man, your fans are crazy. That's why coach is like, what do you mean our fans aren't crazy? We just didn't wanna hire some guy that we don't like. He's like, what? But he's one of your own

1 (10m 19s):
And he's one of your own.

2 (10m 21s):
Who are you calling Psycho from one of

1 (10m 23s):
Your, from one of your best teams that you've ever had as a school. Yes. You know that 96 swap is

2 (10m 29s):
Amazing. I know Mark, I know how know Mark's actually the fun, this is actually one of my funnier stories. So when I was working at CBS, there was a year where I did 13 UNLV games, UN NLV home games. 13. I was living in Southern California. Like m now And I was doing all those Mountain West games and they were really good. Dave Rice was the head coach, by the way. Dave just got a junior college head coaching job after, I think it's snow at, what's it called? Snow.

1 (10m 57s):
Snow Canyon.

2 (10m 58s):
Snow. Snow Junior College I think, which is in Salt Lake City. I believe that's the one he just got Congrats to you Dave. And he was at Cal Baptist. So I would take off and it got to the point where I was like, Hey, do you guys mind if I just like fly in day of the game? They're like, yeah, no problem. You know, from my, where I lived is like 10 minutes to Orange County Airport and Orange County Airport's a 45 minute flight. And the games were at eight. And I would get done at three And I get on a flight at like four, laying at five and just go directly to Thomas and Mack, which is right off the runway. That's where UNLV plays. And so without fail, I would land And I would text Dave Rice, Hey man, do you mind if I come up to the office?

2 (11m 43s):
And usually I would go right up. Well my, one of my numbers for Dave Rice, I kept it, it was Mark Pope's number. 'cause Dave had been at BYU as an assistant coach and he gave Mark his number for his school cell phone. So it was one of those where I would just, without, without looking, I had multiple Dave Rice numbers and type Dayton Dave Rice. And all of a sudden Mark Pope would start this conversation with me as if he was Dave Rice. But he was really Mark Pope. He's like, Hey Doug, it's actually Mark Pope, wrong number. So I had like a, a probably three month long text exchange going on with Pope. Were you catfished by Mark Pope? I was catfished by Mark Pope.

2 (12m 24s):
That's exactly what I, he's a great dude. He's very bright, very funny. I have, I know people that have worked for him that like him. He's an immensely likable guy, which Of course gives me all the fear in the world that he's going to Kentucky and those people will change him into some demonic figure. But I don't think that's gonna happen. You know, and And, you can go and point out all these different coaches you could have had or whatever, but the truth is that you're kind of annoying that that's how people view you. I know I'm kind of annoying, right? In a different way. And like if you're Kentucky, it's okay to not be for everybody.

2 (13m 6s):
Lots of coaches were not people's first choice. Dana Altman was famously like, not anybody's first, second, third, fourth, fifth choice in Oregon. That guy is amazing. The, this is one of those. We also will also do a thing where we, where we criticize the, what's it called when you hire a a search firm. Everybody always criticize when you hire a search firm, it's 'cause they don't know what search firms actually do. Search firms make it so that you don't know who you're reaching out to. That all of the background work is already done. So that when you go and make a hire, like had they gone out and just been negotiating with Mark Pope, it would've been a much easier sale.

2 (13m 53s):
All of these jobs, I mean Louisville was open for, everyone knew it was coming open forever. And you get the sense that who turned it down and turned it down. But if you don't know who turned it down, it doesn't look nearly as bad. And that's the beauty to the search firm is like, wow, And, you could also also pass it off as well. That's just the search firm doing what the search firms does. Because Mark Pope had turned around BYU basketball this year. He won at Utah Valley State is previously, which is like a, a college, it's basically in the shadow of BYU. But, you know, and yeah, I I, I don't, I I don't hate it.

2 (14m 36s):
I'd like to see a guy get a chance at a higher level. And it's the old question, if you can do that at BYU, what can you do at Kentucky? You know, and the criticism of of John Cali Perry was, well, you know, that acted kind of run tired. So this, this guy has a completely different pitch spiel. I think a a a more, you, you gotta develop some talent now you gotta recruit outta the portal. Now you gotta be more creative now because the old days of lining up and trying to get the five best high school products doesn't work. Doesn't work.

2 (15m 16s):
There's a myriad of reasons we can do a whole radio show. And I do think it'll get back to closer to working the G League. Ignite went away. If overtime Elite goes away, I think. And with all the NIL and kids reportedly making, you know, seven figures, I think more and more kids will go to and stay in college. But when they stay in college, again, it makes it harder to win with younger players. So doing the same thing over and over again, even though it's been successful for Kentucky for a while, that doesn't mean it's always gonna work when the landscape has changed. But I I I just think it's hilarious that the Kentucky fans don't understand how they are perceived and how that perception drives a lot of people away.

2 (16m 2s):
And the perfect example of it is the massive overreaction to one of their own a Kentucky alum who just took his team to the NCA tournament, getting the job being met with. It's kinda like when you, when you, when you drink a cough syrup when you're a kid, oh geez, what is that?

1 (16m 23s):
I find it hilarious that they would rather have Bruce Pearl and Rick Patino not because of their coaching ability. Yes. But because of what Patino had. He went to Louisville. Bruce Pearl's been a thorn on the side of Kentucky, whether he be at Tennessee or at Auburn or whatever. They would rather have those options than to have one of their own who again won a national championship with him almost 30 years ago.

2 (16m 44s):
Yeah. Well I love it. And people like to talk about loyalty and then when you bring in one of your own, you know, you're not, people are so disloyal and don't even wanna give it a chance. So, and then Of course you have the all the old, the, the Pope. The fact that he's the Pope and it's the head coach of Kentucky And I. Think you tweeted out yesterday with the White Smoke.

1 (17m 4s):
Yes, yes. Six likes. I think it got

2 (17m 8s):
Well I liked it. I don't know if I actually

1 (17m 10s):
Appreciated it. You appreciate I

2 (17m 11s):
Appreciated it even if I didn't like it.

6 (17m 14s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan Patrick Show weekdays at 9:00 AM Eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio in the iHeartRadio app.

Covino and Rich (17m 23s):
Hey, we're Covino and Rich Fox Sports Radio every day. Five to 7:00 PM Eastern. But here's the thing, we never have enough time to get to everything we want to get to. And that's why we have a brand new podcast called Over Promised. You see, we're having so much fun in our two hour show. We never get to everything honestly because this guy is over promising things we never have time for. Yeah, you blubber lips Blaming me. Well, you know what it's called over promise. You should be good at it. 'cause you've been over promising women for years. Well, it's a covino and Rich after show And. we want you to be a part of it. We're gonna be talking Sports Of course, but we're also gonna talk life and relationships. And if Rich And I are arguing about something or we didn't have enough time, it will continue on our after show called Over Promise. Well if you Don't get enough Covino and Rich, make sure you check out Over Promise and also uncensored by the way. So maybe we'll go at it even a little harder. It's gonna be the best after show podcast of all time. There you go over promising Perfect. And remember, you could see it on YouTube, but definitely join us. Listen to Over Promise with Covino and Rich on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

The Sicilian Inheritance (18m 27s):
I never thought I'd take my three young kids to Sicily to solve a century old mystery. But that's what I'm doing in my new podcast, the Sicilian Inheritance. Join us as we travel thousands of miles on the beautiful and crazy island of Sicily. As I trace my roots back through a mystery for the ages and untangle clues within my family's origin story, which is morphed like a game of telephone through the generations. Was our family matriarch killed in a land deal gone wrong? Or was it by the Sicilian mafia, a lover's quarrel? Or was she as my father believed a witch? Listen to the Sicilian inheritance on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

Mini Questions with Mini Driver (19m 16s):
Imagine you asked two people the same exact set of Seven questions. I'm mini driver and this was the idea I set out to explore. in my podcast Mini Questions This year, we bring a whole new group of guests to answer the same seven questions, including actress and star of the mega hit sitcom friends. Courtney Cox. You can't go around it. So you just go through it. This is a roadblock. It's gonna catch you down the road. Go through it, deal with it. Comedian, writer and star of the series. Catastrophe. Rob. Delaney. I Shouldn't feel guilty about my son's death. He died of a brain tumor. It's part of what happens when your kid dies intellectually. You'll understand that it's not your fault, but you'll still feel guilty. Alt rock icon. Liz, Fair, That personal disaster wrote Guyville. So everything comes out of a dead end And many, many more. Join me on season three of mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.

The Stephen A. Smith Show podcast (20m 21s):
What's up everybody? This is Stephen A. Smith. When I'm not at my day job verse take, you can find me in my studio hosting the Stephen A. Smith Show Podcast. Tune in every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at the very least as I bring you all new episode that featured the biggest headlines in the world of sports, pop culture, business and politics. You'll hear my unfiltered opinions on those nauseating cowboy fans. The chaos in Washington DC and trending topics on social media, as well as my straight shooter interviews with top celebrities and game changers, And I occasionally give out love advice. Yes, it's true. If you wanna know my true feelings about something, I'll give it to you straight. So listen to the Stephen A. Smith Show podcast on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or, wherever you get your podcast.

13 (21m 20s):
What a

2 (21m 22s):
Good morning to you Dan Patrick show Fox Sports Radio iHeartRadio app. It's a Friday. I just want you to know, like I know we're not gaming the system here j stu, but I feel like we're gaming the system. Right? See the beauty to and we're broadcasting live from our palatial studios in Southern California. From the.com studios, the official tire expert and retailer of The Dan. Patrick Show. Go to tirerack.com/dan, try the tire decision guide to see a full line of Yokohama Tires special offers, free road hazard protection, mobile tire installation tirerack.com. The way tire buying should be. I'm gonna give you a a couple of little personal things here guys, for my guys at Rack 'cause they're awesome.

2 (22m 3s):
So I have, my car had a little air conditioning issue with my car. So upon doing the whole inspection of the car, they're like, Hey, we wanna replace your tires. It's like, why? Like, well, you know, your tire sensors aren't working 'cause the rims that you have, it's like, no, no, no, no. I got my tires from tire rack. I just, I have no connection with Continental. I just know that I've had this set of Continentals previously and they lasted like 50,000 miles, which on my car and the way I drive is unheard of. So until further notice, I'm a continental tire. I'm a continental tire guy. Anyway, and then they told me how much it cost. Like no, ah, only get my tires from tire rack because they're literally half the price of what you were trying to charge me.

2 (22m 50s):
I can, I can make do with not having the the, the guide telling me I got a flat tire. I know what a flat tire sounds and feels like I lived, I've lived, you know, however many years, 30 plus years as a driver not needing that tire gauge in the car. So I'm good.

1 (23m 9s):
Do you think there's training for those shops? This is how you're gonna try to get to add on to service. I worked at retail in college in a mall and that was always the big one. Try to get the multiple, the multiple purchases.

2 (23m 21s):
Wait, wait, hold on. What? Where? Come on. Give, what'd you, you did open the door. He opened the door, didn't he? Where'd you work?

1 (23m 29s):
East Town Mall. Yeah. Madison, Wisconsin. Madison. Yes. Champs Sporting Goods. I love Champs. Yes.

2 (23m 35s):
RIP to Champs. Right? Champs is gone right there. No,

1 (23m 37s):
I think they're still around. Yeah, maybe

2 (23m 39s):
There's like Foot Action, foot Locker, champs, what else? They all like morphed and then like you're East, east Bay, another Wisconsin company. Yes. Yeah. All kind of morphed into that now, man. Now Champs do you have to wear the, you have to wear the, what? What was the

1 (23m 53s):
Polo? Just polo and khakis is are cool.

2 (23m 55s):
But what was the discount? That's, here's the big question. What was the discount?

1 (23m 57s):
I think it was 15%. That's it. Yes. Still good enough for me, the point of the story was you buy a pair of shoes, I need you to walk away with either some shoe protectant Yeah. Or some socks. No,

2 (24m 11s):
De definitely

1 (24m 11s):
That was like, that was the main thing. So when you're taking your car into these shops, that to your point, like, you're like, I'll just trust tire. Thank you very much.

2 (24m 21s):
I I'm so glad you brought that up. So I'm driving with my son yesterday and he's like, all he wanna do is connect his phone to the car, to the ox to play. I know some, he loves rap, so I'm like, Hey dude, turn that off real quick. Let me just explain. This is what they try and do to you, ev no matter it doesn't matter, the car company doesn't matter. They're gonna try these little add-ons. Like you gotta, no, I don't want, I have a, I have a place where I get tires. I don't need tires. You're just trying to get me and get new tires because I need some tire guy. Like, no, don't need it.

2 (25m 2s):
Like, they'll, they'll try and get you, make sure you see, read through the estimate before you do. So, so I, I also, I I did wanna say this in regards to Mark Pope. So the new head coach of Kentucky is gonna be Mark Pope. And apparently like Kentucky fans are not happy about it. Like we went from like Dan Hurley and Billy Donovan and maybe getting Scott drew to Mark Pope who's one of their own but hasn't had some long, illustrious head coaching career. Can I let you in on a secret? You're getting a little closer. It doesn't matter anymore. Location doesn't matter.

2 (25m 44s):
History doesn't matter. Do you wanna know what matters? Money. Okay. And it's, it's basically a free market and if the donors will supply him with NIL, which is buying players, then you'll be fine. Can he coach? Yeah. Like, well he hasn't had a great recruiting class. Well guess what? Now he's got a bunch of money and he is got Kentucky. So that goes out the window, right? Like unless you have money, you have no chance in the SEC and you're gonna see players flock to the SEC.

2 (26m 27s):
They have better players than the rest of the leagues. You know why? 'cause they have the most money and they spend the most money. That's it Anyway, so you can be you, your happiness doesn't really matter. It's the five or six guys that are going to, that are gonna give the capital. And as long as they keep giving money, you'll keep getting players. And the second that they stop giving money, you don't get the players. That's what happened at Arkansas where Eric Musselman had been there, they went to two elite eights and then they had a disappointing season. And then whatever happened, the money, people were like, we're not giving money if he's the coach and then you can't have a team. So then he goes to USC and they're like, we'll give him money. And they bring in John Calper, we'll give him money.

2 (27m 9s):
Did you see the, the, the press conference for Arkansas? They actually introduced Johnny Tyson, who's, who runs Tyson Chicken and Tyson Foods. They actually introduced the booster. Like, hey, the guy who's responsible for it, we don't, don't do God anymore. Not the President, right? Not the ad. Let's just cut through it. Okay? None of this happens if not for your money. So Johnny, why don't you to stand up and take, you're essentially defacto owner of this whole thing. Why don't you stand up and take a bow?

1 (27m 38s):
I I love it too. Like, I I love it when the name is, I mean, it's his where it's not like, Hey, this is David McHenry, the, you know, the head of Tyson. Like when you're right, the Tyson of Tyson. It's, it's magnificent. It is.

2 (27m 54s):
It's really, it's really, it's such a power play. It really is. Yeah. Let's all have some Tyson chicken and there's Johnny Tyson. This is The Dan Patrick Show on Fox. Sports Radio. So I, I've heard this from a couple of people, not a ton of people, but the whole reaction to OJ, Simpson dying, right? OJ Simpson died. And Shannon Sharp, who Of course has a podcast called, is it Last Call? No, this is on last call or no called Nightcap.

2 (28m 35s):
Do I know? It's nightcap. This is a great, I I don't think I've touched you guys this. So the genius behind Colin Cow herds, I, I I say genius, I'm not being sarcastic. I think he's a brilliant dude. His name's Logan Swain. So Logan is one of the guys who runs things for Colin Cow Herd's volume Podcast Network. And Colin's podcast has network, has Shannon Sharp and Shadow Cinco, right? Chad Johnson. And their show is called Nightcap. Well, nightcap was the name we wanted to have for my TV show with Ali LaForce. Logan was my producer. And they changed it to lead off the show at night, but it was gonna lead off the next day.

2 (29m 15s):
Like it's kind of a baseball analogy. But anyway, I always like nightcap. So this was Shannon Sharp. Who was he reacting to? He is reacting to, oh, you don't have, we don't have, okay, so did you see what did you hear what Shannon Sharp said? He's like, listen, people who never wish Ill upon the dead, right? Shannon Sharp and Chad Johnson both saying, never wish Ill upon the dead when OJ Simpson died. Since when you're not allowed to wish Ill upon the dead when he's responsible for the deaths of two people, including his ex-wife.

2 (29m 59s):
Really? No, no, no, no, no. I don't, I don't, I'm not the bad guy for not mourning the loss of the bad guy. Sorry. Right. And this is not like sports guy. This is not, you know, Barry Bonds who took steroids. That's the only way he could pass Henry Aaron's record. This is not even Alex Rodriguez, like the shadiest worst dude ever. Like no, no. This is a completely different level. We talk about sports and business like there the murderers. I think we, you got a special place in hell there, right? but it, it's more than just being responsible for And I believe though found innocent in a criminal court law.

2 (30m 46s):
I believe he did it. There's the interview. I I you guys have all seen the interview, right? Where he went through the imaginary scenario, you know, if in, in this, in this scenario, and then all of a sudden you can see him walking you through that night and he's got this nefarious Charlie figure.

1 (31m 5s):
Yes, I did see that

2 (31m 7s):
Dude's a sociopath. Like what are we all doing? You don't have to, you don't have to. When Charlie Manson died, did you have to go like, you know, Hey listen, all due respect to passing of the Charlie Manson, you murdered somebody or responsible for, or no, the, the, the softest I could ever go is, well at least he knows who did it. And for all of this time, for the 30 years since the passing of his ex-wife, he couldn't give her family peace. And so now he dies. We're supposed to go like, Hey, you know, he died like never speak ill upon the dead.

2 (31m 48s):
No, he's a horrible human being. He's got a first class ticket to hell. Why am I supposed to feel bad? Or why am I supposed to not speak poorly of the dead? Am I I'm you're a God-fearing Christian man. Dad, am I wrong here? Am I, am I the bad guy for saying that?

1 (32m 7s):
No, I don't think that you're the bad guy. I think that there are a lot of people that, that share your opinion on this. I do not share the opinion of Shannon Sharp. I also think that Shannon Sharp, because he attacked Kaitlyn Jenner.

2 (32m 20s):
Oh, that's what it was. That's it was about, it was about Kaitlyn Jenner.

1 (32m 23s):
Yes. That's where it ended up. 'cause she made a, a, a comment on Twitter. And so I think that's where X wherever it was, that's where I think that it was angled. But I do not, I do not think, I don't have the, the angst that you have, but I am in lockstep with you.

2 (32m 40s):
Yeah. I just, it's not about treating people. And like there was a, a post on social media, which I, I, I don't know to be true, but I don't know to be a lie where there's a woman who said she signed an NDA and she was at USC in the mid nineties and he battered women there. You know, he had the, the charges against him. With, with Nicole, I'm simply talking about murdering two people and never asking for forgiveness, never copping to it, never helping anybody find who the real killers were as he pledged to do.

2 (33m 21s):
Like the whole thing's a complete sham. And I'm not gonna sit here and go just 'cause he died like my dad died of cancer. Like, I, I, I usually have great sympathy for anybody who goes, goes through that fight. You know, one of my best friend's die dad died of, of colon cancer, which I think what he, what he died of, right? But I'm not gonna sit here and do the cancer thing and go do the woe is me thing for OJ Simpson, no thanks.

1 (33m 45s):
I I was not ass, I was not directly affected. Like 99.999% of us from this, although 99.999% of us were wrapped up into the story. I'll make this quick. Yeah. But when this all happened, I hadn't moved out to Southern California yet. In fact, when I did move out to Southern California and where I lived wasn't too far from where the murders took place. So when family came in, guess where I would take them on a tour? That's one of the streets. We would go by And I would say, Hey, this is where this happened. Yes. About, I don't, probably within the last decade or so, I always remember that Ron Goldman's sibling sister had personalized plates. I think it his dad did as well.

1 (34m 27s):
In, in honoring Ron and my wife, And I were going out to a restaurant where we lived And I saw the personalized plate. And, we went into the restaurant, And I saw the, the family there eating And I thought to myself this, I thought, I'm going in there and I'm looking for them. We know them, we know their faces. Now, this may be 20 year, 30 years past it, but they're out having dinner and they're probably getting unique stares. And they're not getting unique stares because they're famous. They're getting unique stares because their son was murdered. And to that point of just reality of it's gotta be a living hell to live every single day with that memory that your son is not there to the point of now you can't even go in and get lost in public because you're reminded about it.

1 (35m 15s):
Because people see who you are. Like it was such a different, like just, I just thought about it. I'm like, okay, don't look, don't stare, don't be awkward. You know, it's a familiar face. It's different when you see a celebrity at a restaurant, right? This is completely different. And if you make eye contact, they know exactly why you're looking at them.

2 (35m 32s):
Yeah. I I this is one of those, to me it's the time can heal some wounds. Not that one. Yep. Not that one. Sorry. Not that one. And I. Even if it was, you know, I mean part of it is if, you know, we know about the, the grizzlies of the, of the murders. It's not like there was an argument and a fight and somebody lost their temper got scared and fired off like a warning shot and like one, one of those deals, crime of passion. But just the idea of whatever happened, whatever happened, the family was never given peace.

2 (36m 17s):
And, and to that, I mean that, that's just ultimate cruelty, ultimate cruelty to not give people peace of what happened. It's like, look, we can get over the fact that you got, that you got off of the murder charge. Just tell us what happens. We just know And I don't know if you really wanna know, but you get so far deep into it, And, you get to every, you go through a trial, you see, you hear every detail of it. So you, you kind of know just like, dude, come on. And then you carry on this charade if I did it. And in this, in this scenario, And, you have every sort of detail.

2 (36m 58s):
He's the worst. He's the worst. No death does not help you. In my mind, it does not help you escape this thing. Eh, you mean to tell me that you died of cancer And, you couldn't still tell everybody what really happened? Just come, just empty your soul because you don't have one. So no, I don't feel sympathy. No. I, I, yes, I can speak poorly of the dead.

6 (37m 27s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan Patrick Show weekdays at 9:00 AM eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox, Sports Radio and the iHeartRadio app.

The Sicilian Inheritance (37m 38s):
I never thought I'd take my three young kids to Sicily to solve a century old mystery. But that's what I'm doing in my new podcast, the Sicilian inheritance join us as we travel thousands of miles on the beautiful and crazy island of Sicily. As I trace my roots back through a mystery for the ages and untangle clues within my family's origin story, which is morphed like a game of telephone through the generations. Was our family matriarch killed in a land deal gone wrong? Or was it by the Sicilian mafia, a lover's quarrel? Or was she as my father believed a witch? Listen to the Sicilian inheritance on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

Mini Questions with Mini Driver (38m 26s):
Imagine you asked two people the same exact set of Seven questions. I'm mini driver and this was the idea I set out to explore in my podcast Mini questions This year, we bring a whole new group of guests to answer the same seven questions, including actress and star of the mega hit sitcom friends. Courtney Cox, You can't go around it, so you just go through it. This is a roadblock. It's gonna catch you down the road. Go through it, deal with it. Comedian, writer and star of the series, catastrophe. Rob Delaney. I Shouldn't feel guilty about my son's death. He died of a brain tumor. It's part of what happens when your kid dies intellectually. You'll understand that it's not your fault, but you'll still feel guilty. Alt rock icon, Liz, Fair, That personal disaster wrote Guyville. So everything comes out of a dead end And many, many more. Join me on season three of mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts. Seven questions, limitless answers.

The Stephen A. Smith Show podcast (39m 31s):
What's up everybody? This is Stephen A. Smith. When I'm not at my day job, first take, you can find me in my studio hosting the Stephen A. Smith Show podcast. Tune in every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at the very least as I bring you all new episode that featured the biggest headlines in the world of sports, pop culture, business and politics. You'll hear my unfiltered opinions on those nauseating cowboy fans, the chaos in Washington DC and trending topics on social media, as well as my straight shooter interviews with top celebrities and game changers, And I occasionally give out love advice. Yes, it's true. If you wanna know my true feelings about something, I'll give it to you straight. So listen to the Stephen A. Smith Show podcast on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or, wherever you get your podcast.

2 (40m 30s):
Doug alie, Dan by in for Dan Patrick. Dan the Dan ets, you in The, Dan Patrick Show Fox Sports Radio. So look, I, I think everybody thinks of these moments in an athlete's career that are unique and special. Like what you, what what you have in base ba baseball is because of the true minor league system, maybe because of how we've the, like movies like Bull Durham, like the idea of getting a call up from the, to the show from the minor leagues is something that sounds really, really cool.

2 (41m 11s):
Then when you factor in, well it's the former number one overall pick who it was only a year and a half ago, his number one pick. And oh yeah, by the way, he's the son of a dear friend of mine who is a all star in his own right and it happens even cooler. So we've kind of on my show, the Doug Gottlieb Show, which airs every day at three Eastern New Pacific on Fox, Sports Radio. We've kinda all adopted Jackson Holliday is like our guy to watch this year in baseball to pay attention to baseball. But the guy who he actually, it's actually his son doesn't have to adopt him, is Matt Holliday and he joins us now on The Dan. Patrick Show. Matt, how are you?

14 (41m 48s):
What's up Doug? How we doing?

2 (41m 49s):
Good, man. What, what is that like to watch your son play in the bigs?

14 (41m 56s):
Well, it's really exciting. It was, you know, I I, I expected it at some point this year. Obviously didn't, didn't know when. And, and so when he called me a couple of nights ago and, and said that he was, he was headed to Boston, pretty cool, pretty cool feeling and, and pretty exciting for our family. So we immediately pivoted and tried to figure out how we were gonna get to Boston the next day and, and get to the game and try to get everybody that wanted to be there to the game. And, and so it was, it was pretty exciting. Obviously Fenway Park is a, is a historic venue for baseball and, and a lot of things. I, you know, I had a chance to play in a couple World Series there and really cool place to, to make your debut and, and to get a chance to go and watch him fulfill his dream of playing in the major leagues and do it on a really good team and a in a really cool environment.

14 (42m 49s):
It was a lot of fun. So we, we had a great time and, and now we just landed in, in Baltimore as Ke catch their, his first game as an oriole in, in Baltimore tonight. And so that's exciting too. So it's, it's a fun time and really enjoy watching him pursue, you know, his passion and, and what he loves to do and that's play baseball.

1 (43m 10s):
I know Oriole fans probably wish he was called up sooner, but you talk about us kind of, it's, it's gonna happen the day he was drafted. What did you think that the plan was? I know nothing's a given, but in your mind, what are you thinking of? Like, all right, this is when we're gonna see him in the bigs?

14 (43m 27s):
Well, you know, that, that I, I understand how challenging in baseball is and, and how, you know, the minor leagues, particularly for a kid coming outta high school, you know, can be, can be a challenge. And so my expectations, I, I think at the press conference he said that his goal was to be there within two years. And I would to myself was thinking, geez, Jackson like that, that's pretty quick. Like you're, you know, this is a hard deal. This is a hard game. And so I I I don't think that, you know, particularly with, with him, he, when he puts his mind to something, he's, he's pretty relentless and, and pretty, you know, he's, he is done, done what he said he is, he is gonna do. And, and so to make it this fast has, has been pretty remarkable to be, you know, 20 years old and, and in the major leagues after being drafted less than two years ago.

14 (44m 11s):
And, you know, I'm, I'm really proud of him. He, he puts in the work and, and he's mentally very tough and, and very focused and he does everything right as far as eating and sleeping and watches, you know, how much, make sure he's, he is doing everything he can to have success on the field. So I, I didn't really know to answer your question, how long it would take. I, I would've guess probably a little bit longer than it's taken, but, and knowing how focused and determined the kid he is, I'm not really surprised.

2 (44m 40s):
I don't know if you've ever shared this story, but it's one, I remember Matt holiday's, our guest Of course, his son Jackson, the number one overall pick of the Orioles a year and a half ago just got called up to the bigs as the Orioles were playing in Boston now, now returning home and Of course, Matt's a seven time all star in his own rights, won a couple World series as well. Okay, so when he was younger, And I, people ask all the time, like, now what, how, what is that like for Jackson? What's he really like? And I was like, dude, the most humble, thoughtful kid, And, I remember this story and tell me if I'm wrong, you guys used to, when he was little and Leslie would go to Target, she would do a deal where she'd run the credit card when they'd pay and Jackson they'd like Jackson would sit there saying a little prayer that they'd have it, you'd have enough money for it to go through, right?

2 (45m 35s):
Is that, do I, am I remembering the story right?

14 (45m 38s):
Yeah, yeah. He, yeah, they, he and Ethan were always concerned that, you know, the target trips when the basket would get too full, that if, if we'd have enough money to, to get the, to get the, all the things that were in the basket. So I don't, I don't know if we, how much many things were in those baskets, but yeah, they were, they were concerned that that, that the credit card wouldn't be able to to cover it. And so Leslie just played along and she'd be like, I dunno, we'll see, I mean, if not, we're just gonna have to start taking things back.

2 (46m 12s):
I I, I only, I only bring it up because like seriously, how, how do you guys, how'd you guys do it? Like Ethan's gonna be a star as well at Stillwater High School. He is in some people's number one rate to prospect in, in his class, but how do you do it? How do you as a major leaguer and an all star, when you have so many of the things that other people want, how do you do it to where you you have kids that are not only successful, but they're hungry for more. That's really the thing that so many of us who have young athletes that we want, and when you're raised in fair affluence, you think they're not gonna have that hunger.

14 (46m 47s):
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what the, the, I don't know that there's a, a magic bullet on that. I, I think just, you know, I think of them understanding what it took and, and getting a chance to be around me and my career and getting a chance to watch all my teammates And I, I think them, them identifying the level of, of work that it takes to play at the highest level and, and for them to see, you know, the best players and what they, you know, the work that's put in I think was really good for them to, to understand and And I think it also, it, it, it, it created a passion, I think for the game and, and for wanting to do that for a living and for them wanting to be pro baseball players.

14 (47m 27s):
I, I think being around it, it, it, it, you know, it kind of provoked them to want to wanna do that. And so I always told 'em, you know, I, I would throw to 'em or hit 'em ground balls or whatever they wanted to do all day. If, if it was their idea that I wasn't gonna force them, that I wasn't gonna make them go practice that in baseball, you really, you know, in all sports as you know, you, you have to have a passion for the practice. And you have to love the, the behind the scenes work. And you have to love the, the, the skill development just as much as you love the game in front of a front of people and, and the, the four for fours and the highs of, of, of winning and, and, and, and being, you know, the, the sort of the, the, the star player, you have to love all of the process just as much because that's how hard, you know, the sport is at the highest level that you have to continue to work and, and, and, and fight for every day.

14 (48m 20s):
That, that every day is, is a competition. And you challenge and if you don't, you can get embarrassed. I mean, it, it really is. And in the major leagues specifically night, you're playing the best of bringing it both mentally and physically. I mean, you have to, you have to bring it a hundred percent every night. And so I think that the fact that they were raised in, in that environment really, you know, helped them understand what it took and, and then, like I said, to develop their passion for the practice.

1 (48m 50s):
Quick one for you Matt Holliday, before we let you go, when Doug Gottlieb stays with you, does he also put his feet on your furniture like he does sometimes at work?

14 (48m 59s):
Yeah, but that's really invited to our house. Oh,

1 (49m 2s):
Okay. Alright.

14 (49m 3s):
We have four, we have four dogs and And we have, you know, it's, it's, it

1 (49m 6s):
Fits right in.

14 (49m 8s):
Yeah, so it's, it's, it's, everyone puts their feet everywhere. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's right up. He probably learned that at our house, but now he doesn't have their work.

2 (49m 17s):
You have, you have three dogs and Trooper. Nobody likes Trooper. Yeah, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody. Like, nobody likes Trooper. Hey, hey man, I'm so happy. I can't wait to see Jackson when he comes out to, to the big a next week. Safe travels for you guys and let's see if Jackson can get his first home run tonight off Peralta.

14 (49m 33s):
Sounds good. All right. Thanks for having me on, guys. All

2 (49m 35s):
Right. It's Matt Holliday joining us. It's just real close friend of mine, but can you, can you imagine like, you strip it all away, you've, you've done all that stuff yourself, And, you know, they work e literally every day in a bar, the barn at Matt's house on hitting. And to see your 20-year-old kid, like get called up. I don't know, I'd, that's, I've had a lot of dad moments. That's a pretty good one. Pretty good, pretty pretty good one. All right, coming up next to The Dan Patrick Show here on Fox Sports Radio.

The Sicilian Inheritance (50m 6s):
My whole life, I've been told this one story about my family, about how my great-great-grandmother was killed by the mafia back in Sicily. I was never sure if it was true, so I decided to find out. And even though my uncle Jimmy told me I'd only be making the vendetta worse, I'm going to Sicily anyway. Come to Italy with me to solve this a hundred year old murder mystery. Listen to the Sicilian inheritance on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

Mini Questions with Mini Driver (50m 37s):
Imagine you asked two people the same seven questions. I'm mini driver, and this was the idea I set out to explore in my podcast. Mini questions This year, we bring a whole new group of guests to answer the same seven questions, including Courtney, Cox, Rob Delaney, Liz Fair, and many, many more. Join me on season three of mini questions on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.

Wrestling with Freddie (51m 3s):
Seven questions, limitless answers, It's Freddie Prince Jr. And Jeff died back in the ring. Wrestling with Freddie makes its triumphant return for an electrifying fourth season. Hey, Jeff, are you ready to rumble our way into an all new season of wrestling with Freddie? You better Believe I have. I've been practicing my body slams and I'm jacked. All right, don't go injuring yourself now. We'll be highlighting the best stories and matches of the week in wrestling from A-E-W-W-W-E and have one-on-one talks with the best talents in the world of pro Wrestling. Listen to wrestling with Freddy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast Or, wherever you get your podcast.