0 (0s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before at BetMGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets if you don't win your first bet. When you register with BetMGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options, and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips, every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the King of sports books today. Bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements.

0 (47s):
Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC.

1 (57s):
The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But everything else costs. More smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system that brings accounting, financial management, inventory, HR onto one platform. It reduces it cost. And over 37,000 companies have already made the move. Right now backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended. Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. So head to NetSuite dot com slash patrick NetSuite dot com slash patrick.

2 (1m 33s):
Hey guys, you know what? This playground could use a wine country, huh? A redwood

3 (1m 38s):
Forest would be cool.

4 (1m 39s):
Ski slopes. Wait,

2 (1m 41s):
Did we just invent California?

5 (1m 44s):
Discover why California is the ultimate playground@visitcalifornia.com.

4 (1m 48s):
You are listening to The Dan Patrick Show on Fox Sports Radio.

1 (1m 52s):
Ah, we did it. We did it. We're back. I don't know if better than ever, but it was a great week off. A lot of things happen. We will recap that coming up. Todd's here. Seton's here. Marvs here. Paul, yours. Truly new T-shirts there celebrating the Connecticut Huskies winning another national championship there. Big day for Marvin and merchandise in the DP show Store two new shirts celebrating the Huskies going back to back, plus a new Marvin t-shirt. Congratulations Marvin.

4 (2m 23s):
Ah, thank you guys. It's good to be back.

1 (2m 25s):
Stat of the day, brought to you by Panini America, the official trading cards of this program and the first hour, brought to you by McGuire's new hybrid ceramic wash and wax. You can do it in a bucket or a foam cannon. You can boost protection and have extreme water beating technology that takes you to the next level when you're washing your car truck. Great folks at McGuire's reflect your passion. It is a Monday best and worst to the weekend. What you saw that you liked, you didn't like operator Tyler standing by to take your phone calls, gotta play of the day. Got a poll question. And of course a stat of the day or two. The great Mike Tico, who was on the call for the masters on SiriusXM, will join us from Augusta as we close up shop on Scotty Scheffler winning his second masters in the last three years and putting himself in some pretty select company.

1 (3m 14s):
He's 27 fourth youngest golfer to have multiple green jackets behind. Jack Nicholas, who was a little over 25. Tiger was a little over 25 and se by Eros was a little over 26 years of age. But Scotty Scheffler, all he does is play great golf. There's nothing dynamic about him. It's almost that kind of water torture. It's just slow. It's steady and he knows what he's doing when he needs to. And certainly that back nine, that's what you wanna see. You, you wanna see somebody go out and win a tournament four under 68 in the final round, finishing at 11 under winning his second masters in the last three years.

1 (3m 56s):
And this is what he had to say after winning.

6 (3m 60s):
I mean, how do you put this into words? You win the masters, you're about to be a father for the first time. It's pretty sweet.

7 (4m 6s):
Yeah. You're about to make me cry here in Butler Cabin. No, it's a very, very special time for both of us. I really, I, I can't, I can't put it into words what it means to win this tournament. Again, I, I really can't put it into words what it's gonna be like to be a father for the first time. So I looking forward to getting home and celebrating with Meredith and it's been a long week here without her, but I'm just looking forward to getting

1 (4m 26s):
Home. Okay. We're not to the point where it's Scotty or the field, the way we were with Tiger, but the early odds to win the PGA championship, Scotty Scheffler is a big favor. Then. It's Rory John Rom, Brooks Koepka and Victor Holin. All. right. Seton. What's poll question? We're gonna start out hour one with, well

8 (4m 44s):
We might as well start right there. This, when Pauly sent over, would you leave the Masters on Sunday with the lead if your wife went into labor with your first child?

1 (4m 54s):
Alright, here's Scotty talking about that with that exact question.

9 (4m 58s):
You and your wife Meredith are expecting your first child you've maintained throughout the week. If you get a call, you're gone. Are you still saying that going into the final round?

7 (5m 6s):
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sticking, sticking my word, you know, fortunately, I'll, I'll be here at the Masters for, for quite some time and Yeah, I think you only have your first child once, so I'd, I'd rather be at home if that's gonna happen.

1 (5m 17s):
It is true. You only have your first child once, but I know what Scotty's saying there. Would you have left, let's say you get to the 10th hole, so he is taken, you know the lead, he's on the 10th pole, it's right by the clubhouse. And all of a sudden you get the call, she's going into labor. Todd, what would you do? You're leading the masters. Your wife's in labor, it's time for you to go.

7 (5m 43s):
I think it's time to go. You

1 (5m 45s):
Would go? Yeah. Okay. Especially

7 (5m 47s):
First

1 (5m 47s):
Child. So you'd know Connor.

8 (5m 49s):
No, I'd stay. Okay.

1 (5m 51s):
Marvin,

8 (5m 52s):
I'd stay too

1 (5m 53s):
All. right. Pauly.

10 (5m 54s):
Okay. Here's my answer. It's the second masters for him and the first child I would go if her flip flopped and it was the second baby and the first masters. Hmm. I'm staying. Okay. So it, it's a sliding scale for me. Baby scale. Okay.

1 (6m 9s):
I was fortunate that I was able to be there for four of my children, but the last one was dicey on a Sunday night at SportsCenter. But of course that's obviously different. SportsCenter far more important than winning a green jacket at Augusta. But I decided that Hive's gonna miss SportsCenter that night. Sunday night, big night on SportsCenter,

8 (6m 28s):
Which is essentially the masters of TV broadcast.

1 (6m 31s):
Oh, pretty much of sports

8 (6m 32s):
That Sunday night. Yes. Sports center.

1 (6m 33s):
Yes. Yes, yes, yes.

10 (6m 35s):
Paul all weekend watching the coverage, all the guys kept saying he's gonna walk off the course if he gets the call. Do you think, and it's hard to you, you'll never know the answer. Do you think at the turn he gets a call with the lead, he would've actually walked off the course?

1 (6m 48s):
I don't know. He seems like a man of principle and felt like that that was gonna be the case. I was there when Payne Stewart and Phil Mickelson were going to head to head and Phil was going to leave if his child was born. Payne ended up winning that tournament that major. But I remember that was a big storyline throughout the week that Phil said, Hey, I'm going to, if even if I'm in contention, leading, winning, if my wife goes into labor, I'm leaving. Yes.

8 (7m 17s):
My wife has always sort of had this attitude of you're working Go work. So I think obviously we would've talked about it and if she was just like, no, I need you in the hospital, then I would've left. But knowing just the conversations we've had over the last 15 years, she's always kind of been like, this is what you do for a living and we need you to go do that. So go work and we can figure everything else out.

1 (7m 41s):
Yeah, I mean we're dealing with a hypothetical here. Would I, would I leave if I was leading the Masters? I think Polly brings up a great point. If it was my second child and it was my first masters that I was leading, then I would've stayed the first one. I mean, there's nothing like that, that first time as, as long as there's no complications. Now if you knew going into it that there could be complications, then I think you have to be there. But being there for the first one, you know, nothing like it. Yes.

8 (8m 13s):
It's such an interesting insight into how first children are treated versus everybody else in the family. Yeah. Because they are treated like, well, you know, you're the special one, then there's the others. Yeah,

1 (8m 24s):
Yeah, absolutely. Yes, yes. Paul,

10 (8m 27s):
I almost wish it would've gone the other way and it actually would've played out at the 10, you know, Scheffler with the lead cruising would've got the call and left. He would've been a legend in an entirely different community. Like today on sports shows, they'll talk about Scotty Scheffler second masters, great golfer. But if he had done the other thing, it would lead to today's show and Good Morning America. And like evening news, he'd be father of the year before having to have a baby. Even he'd be husband of the year.

1 (8m 50s):
Yeah. But he'd still get criticized though. Like, Hey, this is what you do. You're paid to do that. You're supposed to be out there, you should have known this. Like, I, I could just see the reaction here of what people would say, how they would react. It's difficult, but it, you know, it's, it's it's individual choice there that whatever you feel like you're comfortable with, your wife is comfortable with. Now the people on the outside, they don't understand what conversations have you had. But I, I get it. And the fact that it was sort of looming there, like let's say she goes into labor as he is walking up 18, does he go, Nope, I can't finish here. I mean, I like, at what point do you say, okay, I gotta stay or you know, third hole you might go, I gotta go, Hey, 17 green Plus he's gotta go to Texas.

1 (9m 44s):
Like, she's not there. Oh, she

10 (9m 45s):
Wasn't like one town over. No. Oh,

1 (9m 47s):
Okay.

10 (9m 47s):
No, that changes a lot of it too. Yeah.

1 (9m 49s):
It's not like she was there. He

10 (9m 52s):
What if, what if it happened like a Sunday morning and he sent his caddy first and then he plays a few holes. See if he's in contention. Mm.

1 (9m 60s):
Yes. Todd,

11 (10m 1s):
I kind of thought she was there and they could maybe set up some kind of birthing tent nearby where he's just, you know, depending on how far along the contractions are, you could just kind of skip over from the hole.

1 (10m 9s):
So Butler Cabin could be a butler birthing cabin. Exactly. Like you could set something up there. Why not? When Jim Nance is in there calling play by play. Yeah.

8 (10m 16s):
Do a corner. All of a sudden you're like, Hey,

1 (10m 18s):
All. right. I like it. She's getting the

8 (10m 20s):
Epidural.

1 (10m 21s):
There he goes. And here's and, and it's a baby polite golf lawns now. And the patrons would surround, what else do

8 (10m 33s):
You Chubby? A little niner. Chubby. A little kid. Chubby.

1 (10m 37s):
A little niner. Yeah.

8 (10m 39s):
Let's see, we can,

1 (10m 39s):
What else do you have? We

8 (10m 40s):
Have also, which basketball program improved most? Ooh, Kentucky or Arkansas. We'll save that.

1 (10m 48s):
Yes. I like that one. A little spicy. Yeah. John Cali Perry going to Arkansas. Yeah, yeah.

8 (10m 54s):
Yeah. That's a fun story.

1 (10m 56s):
Mark Pope going to Kentucky, coming back home. It's amazing. They sold out Ru Arena for a press conference. There's, there's no other place in college. Ba I mean that's like SEC football, but it's SEC basketball Mark Pope going there. And it felt like Arkansas won and Kentucky won. It was a win-win for both. And it felt like Coach Cal was gonna jump before he was pushed. And you were able to bring in a former Kentucky player and Coach Cow going to Arkansas. I like that. He said, yeah, I went in to meet my team and there's no team. I said, okay, good luck coach

8 (11m 35s):
Dude is always great for a soundbite. He is. There's always something coming that you're like,

1 (11m 41s):
Well that's what a team, that's what he had at Kentucky, because they'd all leave and go to the pros. So he's used to that feeling. Yeah.

8 (11m 48s):
Is the roster turning over every year? Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

1 (11m 50s):
It's just, it, it's just wild though. USSC gets Eric Musselman, Andy Enfield goes to SMU, I mean, it's just kind of crazy connecting the dots there. And Coach Cow had a really good friend who has a lot of money in the Arkansas community and probably said, you know what, let, let me, let me reach out to Cal and see if he's interested. And lo and behold, he was and gonna make a good salary there. And I think it was best for both that it was time for him to leave Kentucky. And you bring in Mark Pope and felt like the fan base is excited, they're gonna raise money for NIL and they'll be ready to go.

1 (12m 34s):
I'd be interested in the transfer portal. I'd love to see what Kentucky does in the transfer portal, because that's what we had been saying. Hey, you're great at one and Dones and they've made a lot of money, but you have underachieved more than any other coach has with all the talent. You got one championship there. And look, I love Cal, but there's no excuses for that with all that talent. You got one title and you know, it's, it's been a one and done type philosophy here for quite some time. Other schools have adopted that same philosophy, but at some point, you know, coach Cal had to realize, hey, I gotta be a better coach.

1 (13m 13s):
I gotta be a better recruiter to get older players, seasoned players, veteran players. Because that's who we're losing to. If, if you got to take your Kentucky players for four years to three years, okay, that's completely different. But this is one and done. You're there six, seven months and we've, we've seen that happen where you get bounced early. Yes. Eaton, do

8 (13m 35s):
You think he changes that philosophy? Yes. In Arkansas? Yes. Well, I, I don't know if Arkansas, he might have to, it's gonna get the same players that Kentucky gets just based on the name. I know it's him too as the coach. Yeah. But I wonder if he has to change you get one or two, one and Dones and then fill out an actual team around them. Yes.

1 (13m 54s):
I think that that's, that would be the approach that I would have

8 (13m 56s):
Because UConn has showed the model on how to do this. Yeah.

1 (13m 60s):
But I think that's what I would try to do. There's the blueprint there. Now not everybody can, you know, follow with what Yukon did. I mean, Danny Hurley did a wonderful job, but there were some years there where he is what, 18 and 14. Then all of a sudden there's some magic here. I don't know how many teams, how many schools will go. That's what we're trying to do. All I know is every tournament, what happens, somebody who's got like a, like a junior season senior laden tournament, they end up winning. They knock people off. It's rare when you have a Fab Five, you know, breezing through the tournament. It's just that kind of pressure. I don't care who you are and where you play and what you, what conference you played in.

1 (14m 44s):
We've seen that happen. All it takes is somebody who understands what to do, when to do it, how to do it, and you know, a great coach as well. Every tournament we have one of those teams, two of those teams, three of those teams where we go, how did they do it? And most of the time it comes down to what they had some experience. Yes. Marvin,

12 (15m 4s):
At Arkansas, do you think the fan base will be satisfied with a Final Four appearance or does it have to be a national title while Cal is there?

1 (15m 11s):
Well they've won national titles before. But would I expect that? I would hope for that. I think that's the difference. Kentucky, you expect it, Arkansas, you hope for that. And hopefully that does, you know, that doesn't change because then it'll be pretty tough on Cali Perry to go, Hey, I couldn't win a title there, but they want me to win a title here. I just think the more he talks about developing players, going to the NBA, like as if, you know, if I'm a fan of Kentucky, I'd be turned off by that. Great. Those guys are making a ton of money. We wanna win championships. That's what we want. That's what you're paid for.

1 (15m 52s):
But you know, Cal would say, I'm here to develop these players to get them into the NBA. Well that philosophy got a lot of players, a lot of money and got Kentucky won Banner Arkansas's philosophy probably a lot different. But then their expectation level should be a little less than Kentucky's. I mean, Mark Pope walks in. It's not like they go, Hey, why don't you just put up the numbers you did at BYU. Like, nope, nope. I mean you sold out Ru Arena for a press conference. Do you think they're going, man, this is just a good, you know, feel good story and we're just happy to have you back and hope we get past the second round of the tournament. No, no.

1 (16m 32s):
They want you to win. They expect you to win. It's not hope you win. Alright, we'll take a break. Phone calls coming up Best and worst to the weekend. Mike Tico in about an hour from now. Some of the leftovers from the week. That was while we were on vacation. We'll hope to hear from you coming up. 8 7 7 3 DP show back after this Dan Patrick show.

4 (16m 53s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan Patrick Show weekdays at 9:00 AM Eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio and the iHeartRadio app

13 (17m 3s):
Two NBA insiders podcasting twice a week to plug you right into the NBA grapevine

14 (17m 10s):
All happening in only one place. This league uncut the new NBA podcast With me, Chris Hangs and

13 (17m 17s):
Me Mark Stein.

14 (17m 19s):
Join us as we team up to expound on everything we're covering, hearing and chasing.

13 (17m 24s):
Listen to this league Uncut with Chris Haynes and Mark Stein

14 (17m 28s):
On the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or. wherever you get your podcast,

8 (17m 33s):
Well it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up and you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang. Hes, take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

12 (17m 50s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit Mobile Game Monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love, but on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do. Yeah,

8 (18m 5s):
You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

12 (18m 18s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb a leaderboard I'm in for sure. So

8 (18m 25s):
Get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

0 (18m 33s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before at BET MGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets if you don't win your first bet. When you register with BetMGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options, and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips, every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the king of sports books Today, BetMGM and Game Cinch Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia.

0 (19m 16s):
Only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC

1 (19m 31s):
It is getting that time of the year. It's Miller time. You don't need a watch or a clock to tell you it's Miller Time. Weather gets a little bit warmer, all of a sudden the beer gets a little colder. It's

0 (19m 40s):
Beer cracking season. It

1 (19m 41s):
It, whoa. Okay, I don't know if it says that on the calendar. It's a beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds onto what matters the most. It's a light beer that tastes like beer. That's why I reach for a Miller Lite. And it's less filling only 96 calories. They've been doing this since 1975. They have perfected it. You know that summer afternoon, we're coming into that time of the year and be like, oh man, crack one. Yes or two, don't look at your watch, don't look at the clock. Don't look at the calendar. You know Miller Light, the great taste less filling. Tastes like Miller. Time to get Miller Light delivered right to your door. Visit Miller like.com/patrick or you can pretty much find it anywhere that sells beer.

1 (20m 23s):
Celebrate Responsibly. Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer calories, fewer carbs than premium regular beer. Miller Light, Mike tco, he's gonna be hosting the Olympics in Paris coming up later on this summer. He was busy this weekend as he was doing master's duty for Sirius XM and he joins us on the program. Why do you think the ratings were up for the Masters this year?

15 (20m 53s):
Getting the live guys and the tour guys back, it felt like it was the first big, big event of the year. The players was a great event, but you have something missing and I think sooner or sooner than later, excuse me, they're gonna need to get both sides back together. This sport is not big enough to split the pie.

1 (21m 13s):
What did you think was going to happen? Let's go back to Thursday or Wednesday

15 (21m 17s):
In in golf. So Bradel Chamblee, who I know you've had on Bradel, says some outrageous headline grabbing things that don't often get said in the very nice world of golf commentary. And he said, no, Scotty should win by seven or eight shots. And if he's got his best game, go Randall. Like easy man like, but Scotty didn't have his best and he won by four. I got to do the Bay Hill Arnold Palmer tournament and the players and see Scotty win both of those and watch most of Houston where he missed a putt on 18 to get in the playoff. So his first, first second, and it's real like his, his ball striking Dan is so good.

15 (21m 59s):
His scrambling is so good and the one thing that was weak is putting, he got figured out. So I think we all expected Scotty to be the guy right near the top of the board. But I was, I was still impressed with his dominance this week and his ability to win by that many, especially the way he played. Look, he played on the second nine, like he's the number one guy in the world.

1 (22m 19s):
We always wanna fast track somebody to greatness and put 'em in categories. Now you're, hey, you're the next Jack, you're the next tiger. You know, Scotty's 27 and there's nothing dynamic about him. You could say he's the golf equivalent to John Stockton. He just kind of shows up, does his job, doesn't care about really anything else. Cares about his faith and his family. But are we ready to fast track? You know Scotty?

15 (22m 45s):
Yeah. Yeah. Two, two masters in three years. So the one thing you're gonna wanna see is Scotty win outside of this stretch of the year. All of his wins have come from January to April. Now we're, we're really nitpicking, right? But that would be the next step. Win a US open. He, he can contend in all of these tournaments. He can contend in Louisville at the, at the PGA being played at Val Hollow the week after the Derby. So he's got all of that. I did the radio broadcast on SiriusXM and worked with Taylor Czars. Terrific guy. Does a great job covering golf for them and does college football and other stuff. I thought Taylor brought up a good one. Pete Sampras or nascar Jimmy Johnson.

15 (23m 25s):
Yeah. I thought those were really good, like defined excellence in many ways when you look at the record stretches of dominance, but very low key. This is who I am. I'm not gonna go seek every endorsement under the sun. Success will not change me. I'm just gonna be this guy. Scotty's fun. Scotty's a nice guy to be around, great humor, a great family. Obviously deep in faith, but he's not gonna be seeking the wow stuff that you get even with a Bryson de Shambo. So those, I thought all those Stockton for you as well, those are really apt in good comparisons. That doesn't mean he is not great, it just means he is not Madison Avenue million dollars every time he turns around.

15 (24m 6s):
And that's fine.

1 (24m 7s):
And it's kinda like Andrew Luck as well. Like you, you know, he, Andrew Luck, he didn't want endorsements, didn't really care, walked away from the game and you know, never really returned. We're talking to Mike Tarico joining us in Augusta before he goes to Paris to get ready to host the summer games. Summer Olympics. Yeah. Are you ready for that? No,

15 (24m 26s):
I'm not. I'm I'm not staying the entire time.

1 (24m 28s):
Oh, you're not? Okay.

15 (24m 29s):
No, no, I'm not. I'll be back, back on, back on Friday. Actually, I'm back in a couple of days. Oh, okay. It's a, it's a hundred days out. So we kind of light the candle to get everybody ready. Today's show's gonna have a bunch of the team USA athletes on the plaza with Savannah, Hoda, Al Craig, and the whole crew. I'll be in Paris. So it just kind of gets us, gets us going. I'll do a few things over there too in advance of going back, what, 12 weeks later for the games.

1 (24m 56s):
I love to shambo in the villain role. I, I don't know if he embraces the villain role, but I I, yeah, he's good content.

15 (25m 5s):
He wears some of that black hat. There's no doubt about it. Content's the perfect word of, you know, every sport has its little social media following and group of commentators. And I thought the ones under Shambo were dead on when they said he is the best content provider, whether it's the drives or carrying the sign pole, like he did. Hey, this is a temporary movable, immovable object. I'm gonna move it. He just kind of carries it and moves it around. I, yeah, there's a little bit of villain quote unquote. I think anybody who went to live who's gonna come back is gonna be, if that happens, there's gonna be a little bit of that role at varying degrees and levels. I think de Shambo is interesting and unique.

15 (25m 46s):
I think he's one of the most unique guys, certainly in golf and maybe in all of sport. He does things so different. Dan, he was using a pair, a set of ions that cost $10,000 to produce one of a kind 3D printer. Made the ions, they weren't conforming, didn't fit the rules of the USGA officially until Monday. They had to be tested. So he does things to push the edges. Sport needs that every sport does this one especially, I, I hope he is back playing with these guys soon because I think he's talented. He's very different and he is very good.

1 (26m 20s):
The tiger situation, he makes the cut again, but certainly stumbled towards the finish line. Finishing, finishing last. I, I kept looking to see was he injured, was he limping? And I think he was honest afterwards, just said, look, I didn't play well. What did you take from Tiger's performance or lack thereof.

15 (26m 40s):
He's gonna be impacted by his injuries for the rest of his career. He's got fused back and a fused ankle. Right? It's kind of limiting in the world of golf. I think it's remarkable at 48 when he doesn't need another dollar to do this, he continues to want to try to compete as much as possible. I think Friday having to play 23 holes because we didn't get done on Thursday, probably set him back. It was an early turnaround. It takes hours for him just to be ready to go play because of all he has to do is get his, get his body to that point. But it's the first time in a regular event he's completed 72 holes in over a year. So I think that's a box to check in. A positive says he wants to play in the other majors.

15 (27m 22s):
We'll see if he does. But the fact that he's even talking about being able to do it is good. The two things I saw yesterday that were, to me the coolest because Augusta, as you know, you've been here so many times, it gives you like great feels and it's really cool stuff. One was Tiger, who's known for being laser, laser focused, stopping at 16 to walk over and say hi to Vern Lundquist when Vern was watching from down behind a tree there. It was just the ultimate sign of respect I thought was so cool that Tiger did that. And seeing Tiger's kid, the Turner practice area with him, like holding a wedge, holding the, the shaft of a driver to have your hands fly under it. A drill that guys do often.

15 (28m 3s):
It's just really cool to see because we both were, have been here, Dan, seeing Tiger's dad with Tiger, and now we're seeing Tiger with his son and Charlie's like talking swing stuff with him. It's just for one of the biggest athletes we'll see come across in our lifetime to see this evolution and generational pass along. It was so cool. I, I'll, I'll take that with me for a long time.

1 (28m 26s):
Do you think Tiger's afraid of retirement?

15 (28m 29s):
Yeah, a little bit. I mean, what, what do they tell everybody? Do it until they tell you you can't anymore or you can't anymore if you really love it. And he is obsessed with the sport, so afraid of it in some ways, but I think as long as he can get himself out there and do it. Look Jack did still. Yeah, but

1 (28m 49s):
What do you do when you retire from golf? Do you play golf?

15 (28m 54s):
You, you play golf? You, you talk about golf, you design golf courses, right? Yeah. You put out a line of golf clothes and shoes and J Jack's still out here talking golf and being a part of it. He visited with us this week. Tom Watson is Gary Players running around telling people you need to do more sit up, you need to get in better shape. And he's in his late eighties and he's like hitting tee shots and throwing that leg up in the air with that kick. So yeah, the, it's a forever sport and I think the association with it fuels and drives a lot of these guys. Other guys have other hobbies? I don't think Tiger has as many other hobbies as these guys do, like fishing or other stuff like that.

1 (29m 31s):
All, right? Can we get a little bit of your master's voice before we say goodbye?

15 (29m 37s):
So, so this is interesting doing the radio as I have for SiriusXM for the last, I guess four, the last five years, you have a commentary position that is right by the 18th green, I mean from you to the danette's to the 18th green that far away. So when you go out there and I only go out there for the last four holes, you do have to speak softly. So as Scheffler is about 20 yards from me getting over the putt, you have to do the Scotty Scheffler shuffles his feet, pulls the putter back and in, and then you've gotta go match the crowd and you feel like a complete idiot. But that's, that's why for years golf announcers whispered because the towers were right over the greens.

15 (30m 17s):
And guys would look up and go, Hey, I'm trying to work down here. What are you doing? Right? So we don't have many towers that we do that anymore. They're all enclosed booths. But that's the one situation you've gotta go. This is for Bernie and the Masters. So there you go.

1 (30m 33s):
Have you been shushed before?

15 (30m 35s):
I have not. I have not. And I haven't done this very much in terms of being that close, but I am, I'm shush less. I I leave Augusta for the third consecutive masters of four of the last five sans.

1 (30m 47s):
Shush. What an incredible streak you're on. Mike, congratulations. Hey,

15 (30m 53s):
You're brutal.

1 (30m 53s):
Safe travels to Paris. Good to talk to you. Thanks Kyle. Thanks for making time.

15 (30m 58s):
Oh, all the time. Talk to you over the summer, bud. Be safe.

1 (31m 1s):
Mike Tico. He was on the call for SiriusXM at the Masters. So he came up with Pete Samra and Jimmy Johnson from nascar. Oh,

10 (31m 8s):
Samra is a good call.

1 (31m 9s):
Very good call. Scotty Scheffler. That's the comparison. We talked about John Stockton, but Stockton didn't win championships. You know, Pete Samra, I, I remember a long time ago, I spent a lot of time with Samra, but I think he always thought that people wanted him to be more than what he was. He played exciting, he wasn't exciting, whereas Agassi wasn't as decorated. But it was, you know, having style over substance. I remember when Agassi did his camera commercial, I think, and he had his long hair. But you know what we want out of our athletes.

10 (31m 46s):
Effler is a normal guy. He's just a normal person. But then, you know, a couple years ago when Brooks Kepco was really hot and winning majors, he was starting to lean into the media and lean into being a pro. Well,

1 (31m 55s):
His, his girlfriend at the time would take provocative pictures. And so there was like internet chatter about that.

10 (32m 2s):
But he, he was embracing the star role. Like Dustin Johnson, when he was a hot golfer, he had a star power around him because his girlfriend Paul Gretzky, but he never leaned into the interview part of it. So it was hard

1 (32m 14s):
To get him on. Well, I don't think he was good. I I don't think he's a good interview. Kaka turned out to be surprisingly good. Like he, when he wanted to, he was good. But Dustin Johnson, I mean, certain guys just aren't interested in it or they don't, they're not comfortable saying things or they're worried about what they say gets, you know, somebody translates that. Ooh, speaking of which, shhe Tani, I think baseball's talking to him today. And it feels like they're going to move on from that story of course. That, that they've heard everything they needed to hear and that they're, they're going to move on. Although looking at the transcripts of his interpreter and he would lose these bets, I don't know how much money, but it felt like these were big numbers that he was losing.

1 (33m 1s):
And then he would say to the bookie, oh gosh, I have the worst luck. Hey, can I get another bump? Can I make another bet? And then he would lose. And then he would say to the bookie, Hey, this is it. This is the last time. Can I get another bump? And then he would lose that one as well. And then I think he loaded up again for one more. Now the bookie only wants to know if you can pay. That's it. They wanna know, do you have backing, you're gonna place these bets. So at what point did the interpreter say, because his salary, I don't know what it was, but let's say a hundred grand.

1 (33m 42s):
You're not covering millions and millions of dollars at some point. Don't you have to say to the bookie, Hey, I'm Shhe Tani's interpreter, I have money because I would not let you have another bump if I, if I'm a bookie. Like somebody has to co-sign whether they literally co-sign or you're co-signing for them, which is what appears to have happened. Yes, Paul. So

10 (34m 9s):
Ie. Ms. Zahara, the, the report of the charges against him came out. So these are facts. These aren't speculative. He's accused of stealing more than $16 million from shohet. That's step one in 26 months. December 21 to January 24, Zahara made 19,000 sports bets. Not one of them was baseball related. Just to put that at bed. He won $142 million as a gambler. Unfortunately he lost $182 million. So his total net losses were 40 million, 600,000. He's only accused of stealing 16 million from Tani. So there's still the question of where the other, you know, more than $20 million is had come from. Yeah. So that's where we are.

1 (34m 50s):
Well, when we first started this, and then we had a gambling expert on who said that he probably bet $80 million. Now he ended up losing this amount of money. But when we had somebody on from ESPN and he said he probably bet upwards of $80 million. Now we realize it was far more than that. But to be able to do that, you have to, as a bookie, that Bookie wants to know, can you pay this? They don't go, Hey, and that's a tough loss. Don't worry about the 500 grand that you owe me that, that's all Bookie wants to know. But that desperation that he had is relatable.

1 (35m 32s):
Now if, if I'm betting a thousand and I don't have a thousand, you know, that desperation sets in. He may be betting a hundred thousand, but that desperation sets in. Now you're gonna bet again. And now you're gonna bet again. That's, that's what happens in this world. Hey, it's just for entertainment. It's just for fun until it's not now all of a sudden you're chasing. And when you chase gambling, when you're betting you never catch up. It'll always sting you at some point. That's what happened to him. Yeah. Paul,

10 (36m 4s):
People are having a hard time believing Shhe. Tani did not know $16 million had been stolen from him according to those ESPN reports. Remember when they were in Korea, the accusation was Shhe Shhe was like, I'm just learning about this now. He, it wasn't worth a hundred million dollars a year ago. Yes, Tani, yes. He just started getting paid 20, 23, $30 million in his career on the field. He had made about 14 million bucks before 2022.

1 (36m 29s):
Yeah, that's, look, I do, I have questions. Yes. Do I think this interpreter was desperate? Yes. Was he, you know, signing for co-signing for Tani? Perhaps that's a lot of money to go missing. And nobody else has any kind of idea. There's no flags that go up anything with the bank. I, I don't know that that's where it's still puzzling here. Yes. Todd. And

11 (36m 56s):
That eBay text to the bookie, I guess Matthew Boyer stood out for me, says, technically I did steal from him. It's all over for me. Is what eBay put in the text. Yeah. To the

1 (37m 4s):
Bookmaker. Yeah. Yeah. Now you do a plea deal. I don't know, you know, they served jail time. Is he going to be able to make, is there restitution here? Like I, I don't know what else is next here, but I think baseball said that they were gonna put this to bed I think later today. All. right. We'll take a break, more phone calls, we'll give you our best and worst of the weekend after this Fox

4 (37m 26s):
Sports Radio has the best sports talk lineup in the nation. Catch all of our shows@foxsportsradio.com and within the iHeart radio app search FSR to listen live.

8 (37m 37s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up. You say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bank. Hes take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

12 (37m 54s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit mobile game monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do.

8 (38m 9s):
Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

12 (38m 23s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb the leaderboard I'm in. For sure.

8 (38m 30s):
So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at

16 (38m 35s):
The App store or Google

1 (38m 36s):
Play. Let's go.

0 (38m 38s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before at BetMGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet when you register with BET MGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options, and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips, every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the king of sports books today. BetMGM and Game Cinch Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements.

0 (39m 24s):
Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC

16 (39m 35s):
As you may have realized, I watch a lot of sports like a lot. That's why I like Prime video. It has all my live sports and docs in one app like Giannis, the Marvelous Journey and the National Women's Soccer League, both included with Prime Plus. You can buy Premier boxing or stream the NHL and NBA playoffs on max with the Bleacher Report Sports. add-on or add Paramount Plus for the masters on CBS all in one app with one password Prime video. It's all your favorite sports in one place. Restrictions apply. Prime membership required for add-on subscriptions. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.

1 (40m 17s):
Couple more phone calls coming up on the program. Let me see. Sam in Alaska. Hi Sam. What's on your mind today?

17 (40m 26s):
Hey, thanks for taking my call. First time caller and I just wanted to weigh in on the whole favorite child thing you guys were talking about. We've got five adult kids now, so it's been a discussion over the years and what I finally decided was yes, I do have a favorite, but it's a fluid concept. So it's all about what have you done for me lately.

1 (40m 52s):
Hmm, okay. I don't have a sliding scale with my kids. I I treat 'em all the same and I don't have a favorite. Now there are times when one child might be my favorite for one thing or another. Maybe they did something really well or they got a promotion or maybe they did laundry or something. You know, the bar's not too high. It's just like, then maybe contribute a little bit. Yes. Paul, when

10 (41m 22s):
Your children were younger, could you, did you discipline 'em all the same way to try to be fair? And did they take it different ways?

1 (41m 29s):
You disciplined differently? I think when you start out you don't even what you're doing and then you pick your moments. I always felt just if I, if I spoke in, in a like a little bit more reserved tone, oh, I got my message across to my daughters, I'd be like, I'm, I'm really disappointed. Boom. That's all you need. My son, it didn't matter. It didn't matter for about three years there, it didn't matter. My wife and I were like, I don't know. I dunno, what are you gonna do? She'd be like, I don't know. Like, it got to the point where, and I think I told this story, my wife hates when I tell this story, but my son, we had four kids in a seven year period and my wife is getting the kids breakfast, they're going to school.

1 (42m 21s):
And my son wanted a, a certain type of egg and he kept saying, I want this, I want mom, I want the, and I have, you know, my three daughters and my wife finally said, okay, you want your eggs? And she grabbed the eggs and smashed them off his forehead. Three of them. Boom, boom, boom. How old was he again? He was probably maybe eight, seven or eight. Boom boom, boom. Right off his forehead that settled that, here's your egg. And I'm like, okay. It's like my mom hit my brother with a, a, a pan. 'cause he wanted something when we're growing up and she kept the pan.

1 (43m 3s):
I had a dent in it to remind us, be careful if you're going to SAS back now, you can't do those things now. At least it's, it's frowned upon. But I just remember we'd see that pan and I'd be like, damn, don't wanna cross Mom. Kurt in Michigan. Hi Kurt. What's on your mind today? I,

18 (43m 23s):
Dan, welcome back. Welcome back. It's, you have saved three hours of my day again.

1 (43m 28s):
Well, thank you Kurt.

18 (43m 29s):
Hey boy, this is family advice. Now I've got some other, I need some other advice. My nephew has asked me to be Mc at his wedding and I don't know, do I go serious? Do I sprinkle in jokes?

1 (43m 48s):
Well, wait ho, help me out. Kurt. What does mc mean?

18 (43m 53s):
Well, I announce at the reception, sorry. Okay.

1 (43m 56s):
Okay.

18 (43m 57s):
Yeah, at the reception. Sorry, yes.

1 (43m 59s):
Okay.

18 (44m 0s):
Announcing bride and groom announcements, whatever. So,

1 (44m 5s):
Okay. Yeah. But once you announce the wedding party, then what else do you do?

18 (44m 12s):
Moderate. I, he hasn't told me yet whether they have open mic or not. Moderate is there,

1 (44m 17s):
Is there a Q and a?

18 (44m 19s):
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know.

1 (44m 21s):
Okay. Okay. Kurt. I'm, I'm, I'm not sure of the setting here, the environment. I would just play it straight. No inside jokes where somebody's going. What, what does he mean? Or I don't understand that jokes. I would try to do it in a fun way. You know what the enthusiasm, the tone in your voice is what's going to be great. But I wouldn't try to, you know, don't go live at the improv there. That would be my advice. Yes. Seton.

10 (44m 50s):
Kurt,

8 (44m 50s):
Are you a standup comic or in comedy in any way in

1 (44m 53s):
Real life. Marvin just hung up on it. Oh. Then

8 (44m 56s):
I would say if, unless if the answer to that is no, then don't make

1 (44m 59s):
Jokes. Even if you are a standup comedian, pick your spots. Less is always more. Yeah. When it comes to a wedding reception, by the way the bride looks beautiful. Of course the mother of the bride looks beautiful.

10 (45m 13s):
But you can't say, you gotta even say it. Just like you said, she looks beautiful. You can't say, you know, and Joan over there is holding up Well

1 (45m 19s):
Yeah, decent. You know, I even get together. Yeah. If I wasn't, if if I wasn't married I might go after that. Like you can't do any of those funny things about the, the mother-in-law. You

10 (45m 30s):
Want a formaldehyde drip, you're looking good for your age. A Botox.

1 (45m 35s):
Yeah. Just always be careful of trying to be too funny because I, and you always go too long if you give the speech you best man out there. Cut it in half. Don't do Todd. Okay. Don't be fritzing. Three minutes max. Tell a really good story compliment and then get the hell out. Yeah. You're not as funny as you think you are accurate. And the more you drink, you're less funny. Accurate. And even though I'm drinking more while listening to you having been drinking more, you're still not funny. Always go split it in half. You can't go wrong with that. Can't go wrong. Yes. Paul,

10 (46m 13s):
If during the middle of your speech and your stories, you say the phrase, to make a long story short, that means you failed. You failed. Yes.

1 (46m 22s):
And does anybody really make a long story short? They go long and then realize they went too long and then they stay. To make a long story short, no, you made a long story longer. That's all you did. Yes, Todd,

10 (46m 36s):
That's

1 (46m 36s):
A fact. Thank you.

10 (46m 37s):
Oh, why didn't you? In and out. Nice job, Todd. I like it. I kept it nice and

1 (46m 40s):
Brief. Rob in Orlando. Hi Rob. What's on your mind today?

19 (46m 44s):
Good morning guys. Glad to have you back. I got a best in the worst for you. Best of the weekend was seeing Alan Iverson get his tiny trophy installed. Not at the arena, but appropriately at the practice facility. Yes. Practice. And the worst of the weekend was Saturday. Last Saturday. Not this past one in our church rec league basketball. I broke my leg and as I'm swearing on the floor, I go into shock. Not because of my leg, but because I realize, oh crap, I don't have the DP show next week. So thanks guys.

1 (47m 21s):
All, right? Well we got another captive audience here. Broken leg can't go anywhere that that's right in our wheelhouse. Hey, you can't get up and change the channel. We're the show for you. Barry in Santa Fe. Hi Barry. Welcome back.

20 (47m 41s):
Good morning fellas. Good morning. Chat row. I have a name for that. Golfer's son.

1 (47m 47s):
Okay.

20 (47m 48s):
Putts. Putt. P-U-T-T-S.

1 (47m 51s):
Oh putts. Effler putts. Effler.

11 (47m 55s):
Kind of as a negative connotation

1 (47m 56s):
A little bit. It does because if I called you a putts,

11 (47m 59s):
I'd be hurt by that. Yeah,

1 (48m 0s):
You Yeah, that's a negative. It'd

11 (48m 2s):
Be kind of mean. Yeah. What's a, like you're a dope or something like a, you said or did something stupid, you'd be a putt.

1 (48m 7s):
So putts is a would mean you're a dork. Is that what it is?

11 (48m 13s):
Yeah. Along those lines. I'd even go as far as to say that like being a putts is kind of being kind of dumb and stupid. Like a knucklehead.

1 (48m 18s):
Yeah.

11 (48m 19s):
Okay. Ignorant.

1 (48m 20s):
Okay. Well I can't call you ignorant because you graduate, waited second in your class of 600.

11 (48m 25s):
My wife likes to remind me this, the high school I went to wasn't that big a deal. There probably wasn't that many smart kids there. She like,

1 (48m 30s):
But still there were 600 kids that,

11 (48m 32s):
Like a few That must have been bright.

1 (48m 34s):
Yes. And you ended up cheating in high school. I

11 (48m 38s):
Checked some midterm cheat chemistry question. My friend did

1 (48m 41s):
Cheat. You did cheat. You did cheat. When we were on vacation, it was announced that OJ Simpson had passed away. I did not know that he was battling cancer. And you know, when I think back on oj, I had mixed emotions here because I remember watching vividly in the late sixties when he is running in the Rose Bowl. And I had not seen somebody run like that. I, you know, Gail Sears was similar, but I'd not seen anybody like that. He just had this ability to, to sort of be floating when he was running and then goes into the NFL rushes for 2000 yards. And you know, it was part of, you know, juice in the electric company in Buffalo.

1 (49m 26s):
And then he had commercials. I mean, he was so well liked by Middle America. Everybody. They loved OJ Run, OJ Run. And you know, a lot of people don't remember that person. But I have to factor in everything. If I'm thinking about him, I've talked about, you know, my interview that I had with him after, you know, the murder trial, the uncomfortable moments that I had during that interview with oj. But when you think of reality tv, I think reality TV started with OJ Simpson because all of a sudden we had a, a live police chase, a slow chase in the white Bronco.

1 (50m 13s):
And you're watching this. So this is during, I'm at the NBA finals and I remember we had one monitor with the NBA game on at the garden. And then you had the other one with oj and I'm watching OJ even though I'm there to cover the NBA finals. And you know, Al Cowlings, you know, he had played at USC best friends and he's driving the car and you know, we're wondering, you know, where's he going and why is he, do you know, what's if he didn't do it? And you know, so all of this stuff kind of factors in. But then everybody sort of became a reality star. I don't remember anything else in my lifetime where, you know, Cato Kalen became part of the reality star world.

1 (50m 59s):
All the lawyers there and Johnny Cochran and Judge Edo, like they all became reality stars. And it, and it took over a year for that trial, I believe. And then everything that happened after that and what it spawned and the fact that Kim Kardashian's dad was on the legal team with OJ and then all of a sudden, you see what that led to with the Kardashians. But I just remember with oj, you know, when he was found guilt or not guilty. And I was playing golf that day in Hartford with some of the members of the Hartford Whalers.

1 (51m 40s):
And we went into the, the grill room and we watched the verdict and we were just like, how did that happen? But it did. But it, it felt like it was a reality show. And then years, you know, passed and OJ was supposedly looking for the killers while playing golf. Constantly got put in prison for what happened in Vegas when he was trying to get his memorabilia back. He would have his Twitter world things that he would say it's

8 (52m 12s):
A bad day for people who do impressions of oj. Yeah,

1 (52m 16s):
I I mean I I ran into Cato, Kalen in Vegas at Shadow Creek. We're playing golf. He's with Norm McDonald. And like you're just thinking, how did this happen? But it did. I, it it's I think where reality TV was born for better or worse. Yeah. Seton, the

8 (52m 36s):
Dude actually had, I, audacity isn't even the right word. Yeah. But just the fact that he wrote a book called, if I Did It Oh No. Confessions of the Killer. A hypothetical like account of how he would've done it if he

1 (52m 51s):
Had no, just a tical. Yes.

8 (52m 53s):
That is unbelievable.

1 (52m 56s):
He never, he never read the room. He was always the most important person in the room. Imagine you love somebody so much that you kill them. Like he, he loved her, but he killed her. Yeah. Because he didn't want anybody else with her. And then whether he acted alone, which I don't think he did, but still, I remember he tried to tell me during the interview that, you know, he didn't do it. And I, I just said, I, I don't want to hear it. 'cause you know that that's where we had the awkward moment when we're not on camera. And he says to me, do you think I did it?

1 (53m 37s):
And then I said, did what? And then he said, kill those two people. And then I said yes. And then we started up the interview right after that. But yeah, I guess we tend to see OJ in that light. We forget what he was before that. And, and it's not that we should remember that, but I do, I, I, you know how big of a star. He was just the context of telling somebody's life story. It's easy to jump to the very end. But look, I, I was right there and appreciating OJ Simpson, the football player. I met him a couple of times personally outside of that interview that I did when he was working for NBC.

1 (54m 23s):
So, yeah, just bizarre. And then who, he's calling and he's trying to get ahold of Bob Costas, who's on the air at the time with NBC and who's visiting him in prison and just wild, wild. Yeah. Paul, it, it

10 (54m 37s):
Really does feel like you're speaking about, we're speaking about two different people because before the day that it, the killings happened, he was one of the more popular celebrities, like where he enjoyed being a celebrity. You'd see him on TV shows. He enjoyed he'd going pop shows. Oh, he

1 (54m 49s):
Was in movies.

10 (54m 50s):
And, and I'd heard from people saying like, if you walk up to him for an autograph, he'd give you the time. He'd give you the, the picture. He was a American celebrity that loved being it. And we liked him. He was in TV shows and movies and, and Monday night football didn't work out great. But he was on it because he was such a likable guy.

1 (55m 6s):
And yeah, he wasn't a good broadcaster, but he was so charismatic. And you just, you, you look back on that. And, and he had everybody fooled because then I started asking questions. I'm at the NBA finals, it's at halftime. And I'm asking somebody who was a friend of oj, I said, would you come on camera? And he said, no. But he said he used to beat her all the time. And I remember hearing that from this person. I was so disappointed that he didn't, and maybe it's not fair, but in the moment I'm thinking, why didn't you say something to somebody? But I mean, it's just all surreal.

1 (55m 48s):
Surreal. You're, you're in an NBA finals and I'm asking if I can do interviews with certain people about oj and everybody said no. Everybody did All. right. Last call for phone calls. What we learned, what's in store tomorrow after this?

2 (56m 5s):
Hey guys, you know what? This playground could use a wine country. Huh? A redwood

3 (56m 10s):
Forest would be cool. Ski

1 (56m 12s):
Slopes.

2 (56m 13s):
Wait, did we just invent California?

5 (56m 16s):
Discover why California is the ultimate playground at visit California com.

8 (56m 20s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low. You're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up and you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bank. He take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

12 (56m 37s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit mobile game monopoly. Go let you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards, to compare your progress to your buddies, there's so much to do.

8 (56m 52s):
Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You could make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

12 (57m 6s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb a leaderboard I'm in. For sure.

8 (57m 13s):
So get out there, put on your game face, download monopoly. Go right now for free at the app store or Google Play. Let's go.

21 (57m 21s):
Okay. Round two. Name something that's not boring. Laundry. Ooh, a book club computer solitaire. Huh? Ah, sorry. We were looking for Chumba. Casino. Chumba. That's right. Chumba Casino dot com has over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba Chumba Casino dot com. No necessary by law 18 plus. Terms and conditions apply for details.