0 (1s):
You are listening to The Dan. Patrick Show on Fox Sports Radio.

1 (5s):
We made it to a Thursday at least so far. Hour one. Come on in. Stay a while. Gangs all here? Yes. Including Fritz e

Panini America (13s):
Stat of the Day. Brought to you by Panini America. The official trading cards of this program.

1 (17s):
Once award nominated no longer, oh, we got some great merchandise, got some new T-shirts, seas get Degrees. Polly's motto in college. Also, if you're a golfer, I'm trying my best head covers for your driver a whole lot more, go to dan Patrick dot com

Express Employment Professionals (36s):
this first hour, brought to you by Express Employment Professionals. They will help you get a job and they don't charge you anything. Check out express pros.com to find your location. Express pros.com.

1 (50s):
All right? Some of the headlines here by the way. 8 7 7 3 DP Show operator, Tyler, sitting by good morning. Those watching on Peacock and our radio affiliates, iHeartRadio, Fox Sports Radio and those chatting on Chat row coming up a little bit later on five times. Cy Young winner, Randy Johnson, the big unit will join us. Adam Leffkoe, our buddy who hosts NBA on TNT and ESPN sports betting reporter David Perham, will talk about the Jontay Porter details that have come out. The Toronto Raptors bench player who has been banned and maybe banned for life. We're trying to figure that out because we're looking at the press release by the NBA and it doesn't say Band for life, it just says banned.

1 (1m 38s):
We've reached out to the NBA to see if there is some clarification and see if the language maybe was, is being interpreted differently by some NBA reporters. All. right. Bulls knock out the hawks. Who knew the Bulls were in the playoffs. Exactly. But there's, they're here to stay at least for another round 76 ERs. They got by the heat, but the bulls knock out the hawks last night. Zion will not play tomorrow night against the Kings. And as I mentioned, John t Porter banned from the NBA poll question, play of the day, stat of the day, all of that forthcoming with the legalization of sports gambling.

1 (2m 18s):
Professional sports leagues have faced a lot of criticism, a lot of scrutiny. Calvin Ridley suspended for a full season. He had multiple wagers and the former first round pick, Jameson Williams, he set out four games. He was placing bets in the Detroit Lions facility. Then it was announced yesterday that John t Porter received a ban, maybe a lifetime ban, and he was said to have made 13 bets while a member of the Raptors, one of those involved him betting on himself to underperform and another one in a parlay betting on the raptors to lose. So his betting habits were taken to extreme lengths and maybe the NBA followed suit with that.

1 (3m 3s):
But you throw away a career, you a young player and, but nothing's more important to these commissioners than the integrity of the sport that you know, that what you're seeing is real. The NBA doubled down on that precedent yesterday and suspending him. We did reach out to the NBA because I saw where Woe, some of the NBA reporters said that the player Gente Porter was banned for life. We're looking at the press release. It doesn't say banned for life, it just says banned. Now that's stronger than suspended but banned. We're seeing if there's clarification there and maybe it's semantics.

1 (3m 43s):
Maybe I I I it might be where you're banned. There's been players in the NBA who have been banned for life, but that was with drugs and alcohol. Roy Tarpley, I remember with the Mavs, I think he was banned for life. And then within two years I think there have been seven or eight players banned for life in the NBA. And six or seven of those got reinstated then as little as two years later. Yeah, Pauly. Yeah,

2 (4m 11s):
That's correct. I got a Washington Post story during the drug rules. The three strike rules that the NBA had in the eighties and nineties. Seven different players were quote, banned for life. It was in of release, but then in the same release said you're eligible for getting statement in two years. Hmm. Do you think that the NBA purposely led a Lefty for life thing out of the, the release in case a bigger name player, a younger, bigger name player is suspended for something similar or caught for something similar and it gives wiggle room to bring that player back at a date after a year suspension or more

1 (4m 48s):
UU until we hear from the NBA where they say, you know, he is banned for life. We're looking at this saying All. right? They giving wiggle room in case it's actually a name of a player that you actually recognize instead of Jontay Porter maybe. But I I, until we hear from the NBA, if there's any kind of clarification there, Todd, you reached out to them. We

3 (5m 10s):
Have, I'm curious too, is that the fear of setting a precedence where now a bigger player is gone forever because you, once you give someone a lifetime band, everyone has to get it. Yeah.

1 (5m 19s):
The Sixers rallied from 12 down to beat the heat last night in the play in tournament. So now it's Philadelphia against the Knicks. And I was wondering the last time Philadelphia played the Knicks in the playoffs because I thought, well they have to have played a few times here recently. Well, you have to make the playoffs, you know, for the Knicks, but, and then you had Philly with the process and I think it's 1989 is the last time Philadelphia played the Knicks in the playoffs. Paul,

2 (5m 46s):
You are correct. And the Knicks with the two seeds swept the Sixers. Anybody want to guess some players for either team and some are obvious.

1 (5m 54s):
1989.

2 (5m 55s):
89 Sixers. 89 Knicks.

1 (5m 57s):
Okay, Marvin, that's right up your alley. Mark Jackson.

2 (6m 3s):
Mark Jackson is correct.

1 (6m 6s):
Oak

2 (6m 6s):
Oakley's, correct. Rod Strickland, correct. Ewing, correct. Barkley Charles Barkley's. Correct.

1 (6m 12s):
Anthony Mason.

2 (6m 13s):
Anthony Mason is not yet. I think he joined a year later. Okay.

1 (6m 19s):
Was the coach of that

2 (6m 20s):
Team

1 (6m 21s):
Interesting.

2 (6m 24s):
Oh, I'm checking for coaches. Was that, that wasn't, I think it

1 (6m 27s):
Might have been Rick Patino. Pitino 1989.

2 (6m 31s):
Checking That's right in his

1 (6m 33s):
Window,

2 (6m 33s):
Isn't it?

1 (6m 35s):
Was was Daryl Walker on that right? Darl

2 (6m 39s):
Rick Pitino was the head coach. They were 52 and 30 Bonus points for you. Seton.

1 (6m 43s):
Okay,

2 (6m 43s):
Bloop. Bloop. Other players in that series. Gerald Wilkins, Johnny Newman, Kiki Vanay, Dan, you loved him. Kiki.

1 (6m 50s):
Kiki. Kiki. Love Kiki.

2 (6m 52s):
Kenny Skywalker off the bench, he's injured. Okay, no offense. All, right? And then Barkley, he had to carry this group. Ron Anderson, Mo Cheeks, older Mo Cheeks, no offense, Mike Jinky, Gerald Henderson and Hershey Hawkins.

1 (7m 6s):
Hershey, former leading score in the nation. Chris

2 (7m 9s):
Velp was running Christian

1 (7m 11s):
VE

2 (7m 12s):
No one. Barkley wanted to go to Phoenix.

1 (7m 14s):
Christian Velp,

2 (7m 15s):
That's the last time they played.

1 (7m 17s):
So they're going to get reacquainted here in the next round. Philly is a slight favorite. So isn't that weird? Philly has a play-in game. They need to win to advance and now they face the number two seed and they're favored. It's like when you have a 11 five matchup and the 11 is favored, or you know, people pick the 11 over the five. We see this in the tournament all the time. This is the big reason why it's Joel Embiid. When Embi is in the lineup, the 76ers win almost 80% of the time this season. 31 and eight. Best record of any player to play in at least 30 games this season.

1 (7m 58s):
Woo.

4 (8m 0s):
Of the day. The day of the day. The day. This is the stand of the day.

Panini America (8m 11s):
Stand of the day. Brought to you by Panini America. The official trading cards of this program, Kobe White went for 42 as the Bulls beat the Hawks and they advanced in the play in tournament.

1 (8m 22s):
42 points the most by a Chicago bowl in a play in playoff game since, since the most points by a Chicago bull in a play in playoff game since Todd. I'm gonna say Michael Jordan. No, Marvin, Nate Robinson. No. Nate Robinson. No. Now once again it's a play and or playoff game. Okay. Yes. Paul, I'll

2 (8m 48s):
Throw a Ben Gordon. Nope,

1 (8m 51s):
No. Ben Gordon. This, this player actually put up 44 against the Hawks in the Eastern Conference. Semi-finals in 2011. Derek Rose, Derek Rose put up 44 against the Hawks back in 2011. Eastern Conference. What a chucker. Semi-final. Thank you Todd. Yes, Paul.

2 (9m 15s):
You know they do those questions on the internet all the time. The athlete you wish didn't get hurt. Yeah, he is a

1 (9m 22s):
Is he a one

2 (9m 22s):
Seed? He's amongst the one seed. He's up there. He was too young and too good and too entertaining. I know Bo Jackson's emeritus. Yes. You know there's guys like Kirby Puckett you wish could, could've played longer, right?

1 (9m 34s):
Yeah. But he played 10 years. Yeah.

2 (9m 35s):
It's almost like Derrick Rose. Yes. Mark.

1 (9m 37s):
Yeah.

2 (9m 38s):
Derrick Rose is the one seat in the Midwest region.

1 (9m 40s):
Okay. For sure. Kobe White is the fourth Chicago bull score. At least 40 points in a play in her playoff game joining Derrick Rose, Ben Gordon and Michael Jordan who did it 33 times of the day, the

5 (9m 56s):
Day B outta of the day, sta of the

1 (9m 59s):
Day. B.

5 (10m 1s):
Here comes that what stat of the day,

1 (10m 6s):
All. right? What's poll question today? She, speaking of the

6 (10m 8s):
Hawks, by the way, what's the story with Trey Young?

1 (10m 11s):
I don't know. I keep hearing he's gonna get traded, but you know, whenever you hear that, I always go, okay, let me guess the three top places he could go and is one of the places the Lakers and it's always, no matter who's gonna get traded, it's like, I don't know Zach Levine to the Lakers and I'm like, every team, you gotta start with the Lakers or nobody cares about it. It's like trea young to the Lakers. I know. Yeah. It's weird how you can average 26 and 11 assists and nobody cares. We cared when he got into the League, we cared when he was in college, but it's like, oh, that's right. Trey Young, you know, it was a cute little story and then now nobody cares.

1 (10m 55s):
Yeah. Seton.

6 (10m 57s):
And you know, everybody, when you look at the the League, it's like, well nobody plays defense so it's no big deal. But he really doesn't play defense to where it, it, you could clearly see it's detrimental the

1 (11m 8s):
Entire, he couldn't

6 (11m 9s):
Possibly put in as many points as he gives up in a single game.

1 (11m 12s):
The entire Hawk's team doesn't play defense. Like you watch and you go, this is a play in game. Like just a little effort. And that's usually what I tried to do. Like I I gave you a fake hustle, you know, it's like, oh man, I'm trying to play defense. They don't even do

6 (11m 29s):
That. Yeah. They're like, not my job.

1 (11m 30s):
Yeah, I get it. Ah, man. All. right? We'll get him next time. But yeah, I think the Hawk's experiment is, is over. Yeah. See he feels

6 (11m 40s):
Like too good of a player though to not have a a home.

1 (11m 44s):
It's weird how we don't hold him accountable for anything. You know, like Luca, hey, you know, you better get to Western Conference final again. You know, when are you gonna win a title? Trey Young. You're like All. right. You know, and these guys were traded for one another. We, we hold Luca to a higher standard than we do Trey Young and Trey Young. Those are really good numbers. That's where numbers do lie. Yes. Marvin, maybe we

7 (12m 9s):
Just don't care about the Hawks because I'm pretty sure they made an Eastern Conference finals with Trey Young.

1 (12m 14s):
Yes. Yeah,

6 (12m 15s):
Yeah.

2 (12m 16s):
Marvin Marvin's technically correct. I know it doesn't feel like a fact, but just a couple years ago,

1 (12m 20s):
Was that against Philadelphia?

2 (12m 21s):
Yeah, they played 16 playoff games that year. Okay. Never forget All. right.

1 (12m 25s):
But I don't think we're asking him to do anything. Like the fact they made the play-in game we're like All. right. Good for you. All. right. But it feels like maybe you trade Trey Young trade. Young Trade young. See what I did with that Todd? Yes. Paul.

2 (12m 41s):
I would love to maybe have an NBA person on and have the all non NBA defensive team, the five players who play the least amount

6 (12m 47s):
Of defense.

2 (12m 48s):
Mm. I dunno if, if you're averaging 26 and 10, well

1 (12m 51s):
You know what? Why don't you reach out to Adam Leffkoe and give him a heads up there, Todd. He'll join us next hour. We can ask for the all non defensive team.

6 (12m 60s):
All non defensive team.

2 (13m 1s):
The award is, is you're standing there and the guy is going by you.

6 (13m 9s):
I love that.

1 (13m 10s):
It'd be great if one of those guys slaps the floor. You know, when you're, you're really gonna play defense. Like there's no way that I would face, you know, Steve wo Jaki at Duke when he slaps the floor. Oh, oh, now you're gonna really play defense. Now you're gonna lock some people down. You slap the floor. I remember seeing this in a game. It was a like a CYO or some kind of, you know, youth. And the kid slaps the floor and the guy in his garden went right by him for a layup. I'm like, you gotta slap the floor, you know, well before he gets right up on you, like I'm slapping the floor. And he looked down to the floor, the kid went right by him. I went, All.

1 (13m 50s):
right. Hey, he at least gave the impression you were playing defense. What else do you have there, Seton?

6 (13m 57s):
Well, we could dive into, I'm trying to work out one about the NBA's gambling policy. Is it working or is it in flux? Say,

1 (14m 7s):
Well I think the system works, but it has to work because Vegas, you know, all of these gambling places, these outlets like they need to have, you know, red flags that are raised. They immediately take a bet off the, the board and investigation because that's their business. Their business is to protect these leaks but also protect themselves. So the system works. It's when you had offshore bookies and that kind of stuff, that's when it was harder to trace. Now you can't, and they acted upon this pretty quickly and able to find out that this player from the Raptors was betting with somebody else's account.

1 (14m 47s):
They're just looking for, wow, that's weird. There's a lot of money on Jontay Porter over under. Right. You know, that's where you go and how you can be this stupid. But apparently he was like, they're never gonna notice this. Their job is to notice this. And I think that's, I know a lot of people are having fun with this. Like, you know this brought to you by DraftKings, you know this update on John j Porter's gambling brought to you by, I mean it's, this is what they do. They have to monitor. They're, they're the lifeguard on duty and they did a great job with this. But still it's readily available.

1 (15m 29s):
That doesn't mean everybody is gonna do it, but it is available these accounts. You can set up an account he was giving information to somebody else he bet against his team. Man. Wild stuff. And he can't blame it on not having an interpreter. I think that's probably pretty safe that if he has a press conference there. Have we reached out to John t Porter to We sure have. Okay.

2 (15m 54s):
All. right. We call for everybody

1 (15m 55s):
All. right. Let's bet on if he, no, stop that. Betting

3 (16m 0s):
Against his team was part of a parlay though. You gotta give him little break. Okay. Who would've thought they'd look that deep into?

1 (16m 5s):
By the way, don't do Parlays now. That's really the message that I would take away. Parlays Tough to win. Enticing. And by the way, the Dan Patrick takes a gamble podcast later. On today. Be up on the dan Patrick dot com site. Yes. Marvin, do

7 (16m 22s):
You think the Nuggets PR just told everybody, Hey Michael Porter Jr. Don't ask him any questions about his brother.

1 (16m 28s):
Well that's what I was wondering about. How does this affect Michael Porter, Jr iii who plays for the Nuggets and his brother is Jontay Porter. I mean what, what did he know? I mean, you gotta ask the question Michael. Were you aware that your brother was gambling?

2 (16m 47s):
What brother? He's talk basketball.

1 (16m 51s):
He's dead to me.

2 (16m 51s):
I'd rather talk about my back injuries. Yes. Okay, I got real quick question here on this. I'll say, actually I'll save it.

1 (16m 57s):
Yeah, save it. Save it. Yeah. 'cause when we come back I gotta talk about the, you know, the Patriot Way apparently was way wilder and crazier than we thought. Because you're hearing now these stories that are coming out about Bill Belichick and his relationship with Robert Kraft. Did Robert Kraft sabotage bill's opportunity to co coach the Falcons. We'll have that for you coming up as well. Take a break. Just getting started. Glad you're part of the program, Dan Patrick show.

0 (17m 26s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan Patrick Show weekdays at 9:00 AM Eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio and the iHeartRadio

thisleague UNCUT (17m 34s):
app. Two NBA Insiders podcasting twice a week to plug you right into the NBA grapevine. All happening in only one place. This League uncut, the new NBA podcast With me Chris Hangs and me Mark Stein. Join us as we team up to expound on everything we're covering, hearing and chasing. Listen To this League Uncut with Chris Haynes and Mark Stein On the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or, wherever you get your podcast,

1 (18m 6s):
It's the women's first major, the season, the Chevron Championship, cane Corda continue her winning ways and fend off the finest of the LPGA. You can see it all unfold on Golf Channel NBC and Peacock. He's Adam Leffkoe, the popular host inside the NBA NBA on TNT. And of course the Leffkoe Show on Bleacher Report. Kind enough to join us. Let me start with the serious stuff. And that is Zion out. He just had this re coming out party, this was it. Now all of a sudden we were seeing the Zion from the Duke days and he can't play on Friday. What was your thoughts watching him against the Lakers?

11 (18m 48s):
Dan? I was on true TV on a thing called the Bet Cast. And we were sitting there going, it was like me, John Henson and Tim Doyle going, this is the best game of Zion Williamson's career. And I thought it was incredible 'cause he was answering the bell of all of his critics. I heard Stephen a saying last time we saw Scion, he was getting destroyed by the LeBron in the tournament. Chuck and Shaq nonstop hasn't performed at the biggest level. And then here in a one game scenario with LeBron, with Anthony Davis, he was the best player on the court and he brought them back in the clutch. And when he scored that 40th point and he lifted his jersey up, I actually thought that it was joy and it was relief.

11 (19m 36s):
I didn't realize it was a hamstring injury. And when the game ended we started talking about the Pelicans have said if this doesn't end well, are they blowing it up? Is Brandon Ingram gone? Do they move on from CJ McCollum? How does this work? But now what do you do with this injury with Zion? Because now the question comes what you just said, which is can you really invest long term? And he has so much money, so many clauses about weight and injury that now it's almost like what it was an indeed situation where the talent is undeniable. He could be an MVP candidate, but do you put long-term assets and build around somebody that can stay on the floor?

1 (20m 20s):
No, I can't. You can't. No you can't. As much as I love what I see and I saw and he was the best player on the floor. I agree with you. I just, and and he, I just don't know if this was the aberration or this is the new normal that he's gonna be able to give you 65 to 70 games. I I just, I I wouldn't bet. And you gotta spend a lot of money on him. You're not gonna

11 (20m 43s):
Be cheap. And also think about it, you are running an offense where he is like this point forward. So it's very specific. It's not, you know, plug and play. It's been a really rough few days. Jimmy Butler, Giannis, Zion, a lot of guys that were kind of in and out of lineups and you're wondering is the sudden I need to go a hundred miles an hour having an impact. The other thing man with Zion, that that's tough is the shape he would have to be in to play that style for an entire season in playoffs of battering ram basketball. Yeah. I would lean on the side of caution of, I don't know if this is sustainable because the way he plays his constant contact every night,

1 (21m 29s):
I'm gonna make you the GM of the Warriors.

11 (21m 31s):
That was serious. That was sad. Yeah. That made me sad.

1 (21m 34s):
Yeah. I'm gonna make you the GM of the Warriors.

11 (21m 39s):
Ugh. Okay. What are you gonna do?

1 (21m 43s):
I'm

11 (21m 43s):
Calling up Bob Meyer. I'm calling up Bob Meyers and I'm like, alright, where are the, where are the bodies buried? What, what are the other reasons you left? I first off, what I would do is I would sit down with Steph and I would say, you are the franchise. What do you want? Like let's be real like, like let's lay it all on the table. Like when you sit on the podium and you say all you want us to win, when the questions were about Clay and Dre, what should we do? And I, 'cause I think the buy-in's there, because we're about to enter an off season where you're gonna see Steph Curry on Bleach Report wearing a Lakers jersey and then you might see him next to like Luca. Like it's gonna be a lot of of idea games.

11 (22m 26s):
I am Clay is gone. Unfortunately incredible career. We're move. He's, we're gonna let him go. I think that I'm, I'm gonna ride the Minga Express and I'm gonna enjoy that. I'm gonna try that experiment because I think there's something there. Unless I can get good assets and then I'm going hard off Paul George. I think Paul George is someone that I can put next to Steph and it can make some sense just from positional versatility. And I, the, the question is, is, is Golden State a free agent draw? If, if the money isn't that great? 'cause we've already heard Joe Leffkoe say that he doesn't want to go into the luxury tax like he did last year.

11 (23m 8s):
So is it enough to play with Stephan to play in in Oakland?

1 (23m 14s):
Would you ask Steph Curry if he would wanna play elsewhere if you were management

11 (23m 20s):
W that to, to be honest, the what would you want to do? Yeah. Like the first thought is how would you reorganize this? And the second thought would be, do you really want to move? Like is it 'cause like an unhappy superstar whittling away in front of your, your fan base is tough, but to be the new GM that trades Steph Curry, golly, you, you're, you're, you're starting a timer on your career towards ending because no one, like that's all they got.

1 (23m 50s):
I know, but you

11 (23m 50s):
Have to look into it.

1 (23m 51s):
I, and I brought that up. That's the first thing I say. I bring Steph in and I say, tell us what you want because he's gonna wanna win another championship. I don't think he's just gonna go, Hey, I'm making 55 million. I don't care how good our team is. He's got the pride that he, he wants to be going out a champion. But I would say to him, can we win a championship with this roster here And if not, what do you think we need to do? And what, you know, is there any consideration to playing elsewhere?

11 (24m 24s):
Hmm. As you said that, I just thought about him wearing a Spurs jersey and I just thought about him and Victor Wema and like that's what I mean. Like this is the best time of year. 'cause you could put anybody on any team right now and you're like, that would be spicy step in Victor. Oh

1 (24m 44s):
Yeah. I just, I I think that I would bring Clay back and I I you would. Yeah, I would. But I, it has to be a team friendly. I gotta say, look, I I this is what I need from you. I'm gonna give you $20 million a year for two years with incentives that maybe you play X number of games, you make all Star, you're whatever it is, I'll bump that up 5 million more. So you have the potential to make 50 million, but I need to lock you into 20 million per season for the next two years.

11 (25m 13s):
It's crazy because we talk about all these players and the real issue on the balance book to me is now Andrew Wiggins's like hundred million dollar contract. Yeah.

1 (25m 21s):
They gotta How you getting rid of that? I,

11 (25m 24s):
But you know what, we say that every year that's true. Who's taken James Harden and he's been traded three times who is really gonna take another risk on Kyrie Irving and then he gets $130 million. We, we who is really gonna invest in 30 blank year old Chris Paul and now, you know he's still there on the Warriors. That's another one you gotta get out from under I when it comes to asset management, I, I remember this cover in the NFL. Michael Lombardi used to say this to us all the time. There's really only eight teams that wanna win the championship. And so as I, it's the same thing in the NBA. You have to take advantage of the owners that are like, man this is a loss leader in my portfolio. You know, and we can, we can move out from some of these assets.

11 (26m 6s):
So you just gotta find those bottom eight teams and see if you can unload some salaries and then get creative. But it's tough.

1 (26m 13s):
He's Adam Leffkoe NBA on TNT inside the NBA host and the Leffkoe show on Bleacher Report. Alright, worst defenders in the NBA. And the reason why I stumbled upon this was watching the Hawks last night because I could include everybody on the hawks on this. The all non defensive team in the NBA.

11 (26m 33s):
Yeah. I appreciated this. I love getting homework at 9:00 AM in the morning.

1 (26m 37s):
Well I got an assignment

11 (26m 39s):
By the way, sleeping baby behind me for an hour and six minute nap. Killing it right now.

1 (26m 44s):
Oh,

11 (26m 45s):
Killing it. How

1 (26m 46s):
Old is the baby?

11 (26m 48s):
Four months.

1 (26m 49s):
Good for you. Thanks. Good for you. You get those two naps that they have and then you have to line

11 (26m 55s):
His name is Dan Patrick Leffkoe.

1 (26m 57s):
I like it. I like it. But you, you gotta have those dual naps but then when they collapse and you only get that one nap, you have to plan strategically as a parent of what can I get done in this window and make sure, so I said the dog doesn't bark or you don't bang into something.

11 (27m 14s):
We'll see how he reacts to my non-defensive. Okay,

1 (27m 16s):
Here we go. Might be waking, oh

11 (27m 18s):
By the way, to your point for the hawks, I looked it up for you. Luca had 73 career high. Curry had 60 against them this year, season high. Malachi Flynn dropped 50 against them this year off the bench.

1 (27m 31s):
Good call

11 (27m 32s):
Mikel Bridges career high 45 against them. Cade Cunningham, 43 career high against them. The Hawks were one of my favorite teams to bet against because they were able to score enough so that it wasn't a blowout, but that the star player could keep going. But anyway, starting at point guard in the all non-defensive team. Okay. Trey Young. Yeah, just because it's part of the, the notion here. Second team, all non NBA. I have Fernie Simons as the point guard. Both very good shooters, both can't play a lick of defense. I apologize to both. An advance shooting guard. We are going to Utah third worst defensive team in the NBA. We're gonna go Jordan Clarkson, same mindset here. Really good offensive player.

11 (28m 13s):
He is the worst defensive box plus minus in the NBA at the shooting guard position.

1 (28m 19s):
About around Pause for that.

11 (28m 21s):
On what a, what a performance by him. His backup will be Cam Thomas of the Brooklyn Nets. One way players small forward. I don't know how Tibs is gonna turn this around. Formerly of the Pistons down in the Knicks. Boon Bogdanovich just slow feet like this is Dan Patrick has taken him left. Hesi and Boon might fall back up there. Dougie McBuckets Now on the Indiana Pacers. Sorry Doug.

1 (28m 50s):
These

11 (28m 51s):
Are all statistically accurate. Yeah, these are not me making fun of people. I've looked up their box score plus minus their defensive raptor, their defensive LeBron. I don't know what these stats mean, but they're at the bottom. Number four, the poet for Power Forward. Kyle Kuzma. I am a, I am an NBA better and my favorite bet for the last three years, two years has been Big men against the Wizards. It is they dominate so much so that in the last game of the year, Adama, so NoGo remember him from Yukon had a 2020 game against the Wizards probably because Kyle Kuzma is going outlet and the possession hasn't ended

1 (29m 32s):
Yet.

11 (29m 34s):
His backup is David Roddy of the Phoenix Suns, which doesn't, that's not really fair,

1 (29m 38s):
That's not good.

11 (29m 39s):
But

1 (29m 40s):
He's okay.

11 (29m 41s):
And the center, it's, it's the stars. I'm going Deandre Aton as the worst offensive big man in the NBA Portland was bottom two in field goal percentage allowed Descenters and blocks bottom five and rebounds. Yeah. And then his backup is a tie between the other player you watched last night, Nicole Vvi and Deante Saboni who just watch them in these next games. They're both playing Friday, Thursday, Saturday. Look at the amount of rebounds that they get in the first half and you're like, Saboni already has eight rebounds. And then watch what happens in crunch time and they can't get anything.

11 (30m 21s):
It's just something I've noticed. So that is my non-defensive two level depth chart in the MBA.

1 (30m 28s):
How about a round of applause for Leffkoe. Had an hour to put that together. New father, you know, we have this GAMBLER set up a

11 (30m 35s):
Light.

1 (30m 36s):
I you did it all. It's crazy. Unbelievable. Okay, so we've been talking about Jontay Porter and the Gambling here and we just had David Peron who covers gambling for the mothership. And I said, where do you see that somebody could be compromised here, Don going down the road where, you know, it could be a bigger deal. He said, how about your stat keeper because of these prop beds, brother, how about that over unders? And I didn't even think of that. Does does the NBA have a lifeguard on duty that goes back and looks at all of these numbers when the official stat book is closed?

11 (31m 12s):
Incredible by him. I couldn't agree more. I have a conglomerate of people that I talk to when it's like looking at bets because I host a lot of betting stuff and so there's a lot of content, the amount of times where we'll be like, where is that assist? Like that assist didn't get logged. Or you'll see a rebound where like a guy comes down with it and then it falls and, and you're like, who, who decides who gets that rebound right there? And millions could hang in a balance for that last night, just to give you a little perspective, I had Bogdanovich four threes, he hit a deep shot at the end of the game with one minute left and apparently his toe was on the line and that was a two huge swing.

11 (31m 52s):
So I I agree with the stat keeper. My question with the John t Porter thing is if he was giving out injury information to somebody, I need to know who that somebody is and I need to know if that person's talking to any other players because you need to start finding the source. I think that this is one player and I think as we've learned in a lot of these scandals, it's easy to pin it all on one guy, but it's usually a bigger issue than one guy. So I need to know what other injuries are. These lower level 12, 13, 14 men that have prop bets under three or four are coming outta the game early. Who else is getting this injury information early?

11 (32m 32s):
Is there a network of these people that have their claws in these players? Stat keeper is an incredible one. I I've heard this for a long time. The, the information network, these assistants, these trainers, they can, oh, this guy's not playing tonight or this guy's kind of hobbled. He, if you start understanding the amount of minutes they're playing, that's what I learned from these prop betters is I, I'm sitting there courtside. I didn't mean to drop that, but that was good. Wow. Pacers Pacers, Nicks and I, I've known Tyrese Halliburton for a very long time and he's playing the game and I'm looking and he hasn't come in on the third quarter and I go, I go Tyrese like, are you getting back in?

11 (33m 16s):
And he goes, minutes restriction. I didn't know he was under a minutes restriction. I just, you know, I'm just there as a fan. But some people do know that he's on a minutes restriction and that's the kind of information that is invaluable in terms of prop betting. I saw that they're trying to get a law passed of outlawing prop betting in college sports. I that needs to be passed today.

1 (33m 40s):
Yeah, absolutely.

11 (33m 41s):
'cause if there's a, I mean, the way that these kids are going into their coach's office and demanding NIL deals, Hey listen man, can you fumble in the third, you know what I mean? Like you're not going pro like what do we do? Can you get a hold penalty real quick? Referees too.

1 (33m 55s):
Yeah. Okay, before I let you go, is it fair to ask Michael Porter, Jr Jontay Porter's brother plays for the Nuggets? Did you know that your brother was involved with gambling or those questions that are gonna come up is they get ready to host the Lakers? Is it a fair question to ask him?

11 (34m 15s):
Just as it was fair to ask Soge Tani, you know, I, in fact I think it's a journalistic, I think the NBA Jr, I'm not accusing him of anything, but you know, this is, this is your brother, you know, like I how did you talk to your brother? Like I I I do think that it is important because I think that we are at a tipping point when I post these betting shows. Dan, the first thing I do, I did it on Tuesdays. I look into the camera and I say, if you don't got it, don't bet it. Don't bet par. Like I, there needs to be some responsibility right now from all of, from everybody, the media organizations, the teams, everybody that is getting money from these operators to have some responsibility to fans in terms of, I Dan, I get dms every day from people talking about how they're in deep and they're just, sometimes they're just looking to talk and I, it's everywhere right now.

11 (35m 12s):
And as someone that does bet and bets responsibly and as someone that hosts betting content, I think the League needs to make sure that it's buttoned up on that side. And I think it's okay to ask those questions. I think it's the responsibility. And then on our side, I think it's important to not act like we have locks and that everybody's betting and if you're not betting, you're a loser there. We're not giving out like, guaranteed advice. Like we're we're sitting here on a radio show, who do you think is gonna win tonight? And so I think every side needs to button up because I could already see the 60 minute special, you know, a few weeks. Yeah, I know. Showing some kid who lost everything and some, some official,

1 (35m 54s):
Yeah. I appreciate the time as always. Thanks for your doing your homework and hopefully your, your son stays asleep a little bit longer.

11 (36m 3s):
Oh, he's up. You didn't see the wife run by? Oh man. 4 2 40. Incredible.

1 (36m 10s):
Thank you. Leffkoe. Love you. That's Adam Leffkoe NBA on TNT inside the NBA. I Did you see his wife run by? Oh, that dude is the best man. He is great. I love that guy. He's great. But he is right. You know, there's no locks. I mean, you know, we have people who touts who say, Hey, I got the lock of the week. I I paid For that service years and years and years and years ago that, you know, he was called the professor and I spent a hundred dollars to get his lock of the week. Well, I didn't realize that. People said, well, they'll give this group the lock of one team and then give this group the lock the other team.

1 (36m 50s):
So somebody's gonna always be happy then somebody's gonna be mad. But yeah, we, we get caught up in a sure thing. Hey, I got a good information here. And like it's entertainment. Entertainment. You'll never, ever, ever beat the system. Never. But you can still enjoy the games. You can still have, you know, that entertainment value. It's when you try to make a living, you won't All. right. Take a break back after this.

0 (37m 20s):
Fox Sports Radio has the best sports talk lineup in the nation. Catch all of our shows@foxsportsradio.com and within the iHeart radio app search FSR to listen live.

1 (37m 32s):
Got Randy Johnson Hall of Famer set to join us now playing in the national League. He probably had four, 500 at bats in his career. Pauly?

2 (37m 42s):
Yeah, Randy Johnson played a long time in the N Bowls. Montreal. And then mostly with Arizona. I got 691 plate

1 (37m 48s):
Appearances. Okay, let's guess more home runs for Randy. Johnson. I think he batted a hundred, you know, right around a hundred or something. Like Oh, 25. 1 25. Yeah. Short changing. Okay, so big unit, more home runs or stolen bases. Ooh. All. right. You guys guessed

2 (38m 5s):
Todd.

1 (38m 5s):
I'm

3 (38m 6s):
Gonna say he stole a few more bases than

1 (38m 7s):
Dingers. Okay. Seton, I'm going Dingers. Okay. Marvin. Home runs poll.

2 (38m 14s):
I have one career home run for Randy. Johnson Ooh. It was back in oh three. Good year for his last year. Yeah,

1 (38m 19s):
Yeah, yeah. Big Stick that year.

2 (38m 20s):
Yeah, he hit Buck 94 that year. I have zero career stolen bases, Dan.

1 (38m 25s):
Hmm. Let's bring in Randy Johnson, no stolen bases. Who'd you hit the home runoff of?

12 (38m 31s):
Off of Doug Davis in Milwaukee. And then later, I think the following year we became teammates. So we had, we had a lot of, a lot, a lot to talk about on the golf course.

1 (38m 45s):
Do you remember though, what pitch? I mean you guys always remember what the count was and what the pitch was? Wow.

12 (38m 51s):
You know, the game. I, I think the game was tied then, you know, I think it was one-to-one. So with, with my game Face on, I took it very seized. You know, I didn't milk it like the players Now I ran around the faces, but they showed the dugout and the dugout. All my teammates were more happy than I was.

1 (39m 12s):
Would you throw at somebody if they tried to bun on you? Nolan Ryan used to do that, but did you take offense if I I I,

12 (39m 18s):
I got a lot of stories from him. You know, we worked, worked together on my mechanics with Tom House and then we did some videos together and, and now being in the Hall of Fame with him, you know, I, we have a lot of time to talk and, and, and actually I have a lot of time to talk with a lot of the great pitchers. Some that are no longer with us, but I've had the opportunity to pick their brain and, and get to meet them and, and ask them what it was like to play back in the day. I think there was a little bit of, you know, I guess everybody said I was kind of surly on the day that I pitched. I, I don't know why, but I guess that would be a definition.

12 (40m 1s):
And I guess I, I think the one encounter I had that really tells you about I am a nice guy was a confrontation that I had with a, you know, a, a friend Kenny Lofton. Yeah, a lefthanded, a left-handed hitter. And it's on YouTube and I saw it recently. Someone showed it and I threw a fastball and you know, I didn't finish the pitch up, so it kind of sailed up and into him. It was actually, it was a slider that kind of backed up. It didn't, it didn't, you know, it didn't break it that well. And so it, it kind of, you know, came up and into him on a slider and he kind of like, you know, is, you know, you know, flopping around the home plate there, like it almost hit him or something.

12 (40m 52s):
And I'm yelling on the, at the mound you can read my lips. That was a slider. That was a slider. And so, so the benches, you know, go back into the dugout and everything is restored. And then I throw him a fastball up and end and I go, that was a fastball.

DirecTV (41m 15s):
We're talking to Randy Johnson Hall of Famer joining us on behalf of DirecTV, the, the Bird encounter 23 years ago. And Randy wants to make things right together with DirecTV Randy. They created a series of bird sanctuaries mimicking a baseball stadium, build atop direct TV satellite dishes, and you have an opportunity. baseball fans can go to direct tv.com back slash bird ballparks and enter for a chance to win your own stadium sanctuary. You could have a chance to win the millet mullet, a rendition of what I was wearing in the commercial or your own bird ballpark because DirecTV now is satellite free. So it was a great partnership that came up couple of months ago. They asked if I would like to write the ship with the dead bird and be able to move forward in life and, and feel good about myself and, and get PETA off my back. And, and I said sure. And so I just thought what took so long to, to do something like this.

1 (42m 24s):
Okay, but does the bird estate get anything from this Randy?

12 (42m 30s):
Well, they get the, they get lifetime season tickets.

1 (42m 35s):
Oh, they do? To, to,

12 (42m 36s):
Yeah. Yeah. So the, so the, so the birds can come and watch, you know, they, they get their own MLB package, I guess.

1 (42m 46s):
Oh, I see. Okay. How often are you asked about that?

12 (42m 53s):
I play 22 years in the Major leagues and it's the one thing that I'm remembered for, and I don't mind, but a lot of times when I'm walking somewhere and, and someone recognizes me, it, it, it won't be one of the accomplishments that maybe I had, but it will be, oh, you are the guy that killed the bird. Yeah. So it comes up, it, it still comes up a lot after 23 years.

1 (43m 26s):
But I think you're underrated because of this, I think because of your, your height, John Crook in the All-star game, the bird that people like, I even went back looking at the stat, you have five Cy Youngs, I think four in a row. I mean,

12 (43m 42s):
I won, I won 300 games. I I've got almost 5,000 strikeouts,

1 (43m 48s):
But it, it feels

12 (43m 49s):
I got a home run.

1 (43m 50s):
You did, you hit a a a bomb is what you hit. Yeah, but it, it feels like, because of all these things that we don't focus in on your career as much as, I mean your World Series MVP, but it's, oh, that's the tall pitcher. Oh, that's the guy who threw really hard and you know, John Crook turned his batting helmet around or it's like Shaq, you know,

12 (44m 13s):
Well, you know what, Dan, maybe, maybe one day you should have a Randy Johnson day and, and just go through all my accomplishments and, and write the ship.

1 (44m 24s):
This is it Randy, this is the Randy Johnson day. Okay,

12 (44m 28s):
Here

1 (44m 28s):
We're Yes, a absolutely, but yeah, when you, when but when you hit that bird and it went like, poof, did you even know what you did?

12 (44m 37s):
No, it was in spring training down in Tucson. The Diamondbacks are now up in Scottsdale, like all the other teams are. There is no more spring train down in Tucson, Arizona. So we were down at Tucson Electric Park. I was pitching in a day game there. The only reason it was even caught on camera is because our videographer had a little camcorder out in center field for the hitters and for me. So I could watch my mechanics and the hitters could do the same. That's the only reason that was even captured on tv Wow. On video. And when I initially threw the pitch, I throw the pitch, I hit the bird, then I'm just kind of like, I'm kind of stunned, you know, like, what, what happened?

12 (45m 20s):
I thought initially someone had thrown something maybe from a dugout or the stands and you know, I don't, I didn't know really what it was initially until Jeff Pent who was on, on the OnDeck circle with the San Francisco Giants, the bird, the, the impact of the bird actually knocked him over by the bird, over by the OnDeck circle and he kind of picked it up and then I think everybody kind of knew what was going on then. So, but yeah, just, it all happened so fast.

1 (45m 49s):
I can't imagine if you're coming up now that somebody's gonna say to you, Hey, we need you to go five innings, maybe six innings, but pictures nowadays, you got, you guys don't go eight or nine.

12 (46m 2s):
I I've talked about it a little bit and, and and, and I tried to be as positive as I could about it. And, and I mean it in a positive way that I think that today's picture, and I'm not talking about the pictures that have been, you know, 10 plus years because because they, they weren't a part of that. I think those guys, when they were young pitchers, they were, had the ability to go deeper into the games. This whole regimen about analytics and all that is really kind of picked up in the, you know, and it's steam ruling now. And I think that the, the pictures of today, you know, the last five years that are trying to make their mark in the game, I don't think that they're going to be as good as they can possibly be.

12 (46m 56s):
And, and I mean that in a positive way that because there's pitch counts and, and turning the lineup over comes into play, I think. And bullpens are, you know, a, a big deal now by the way they use bullpens. You are not gonna be able to pitch your way out of a problem. You're not gonna be able to see the mentality, the mental, the mental mentality in the physical attributes. You have to have to get through an inning like that. You are gonna come out, they're gonna go to the bullpen and you're never going to develop the demeanor of what it takes to get through an inning like that and maybe throw those 10 more extra stressful pitches opposed to non-stress pitches.

12 (47m 46s):
Yeah. And, and I think not gonna go deep, the pitchers aren't gonna go deeper in the game, which means, Dan, that there's not gonna be a lot of 20 game winners like there was in the past. Because when you go seven to eight, maybe even a complete game every once in a while, you know, you gotta, sometimes you gotta get the opposing starting pitcher out of the game because he's pitching so well, and then when you get to their bullpen, that's when you are able to maybe scratch a run across and maybe you win two to one or one, one nothing. And, and you do that late in the game. And so now you've picked up a win and that one or two wins like that at the end of the year.

12 (48m 31s):
Now you've gone from 18 to maybe 20 wins or from, you know, you know, 200 and something wins to 300 over your, over your career. And so I I I just feel like starting pitchers, you know, because the lease is a little bit shorter because you're not seeing pitchers throw a hundred twenty five, a hundred thirty five pitches. It's usually about a 95 to 110. And that usually takes you to about five or six innings. You are not going to get the opportunity. There's too much game left. Unless it's a blowout, you're not going to get a lot of opportunities to win ball games.

1 (49m 10s):
We're talking to Randy Johnson, the Hall of Famer joining us on behalf of DirecTV. Do you have albums back there behind you?

12 (49m 17s):
Lots of albums, lots of LPs.

1 (49m 20s):
Okay. If you had to grab one album when you get out of the house, what would you grab?

12 (49m 26s):
Oh man, there's so many. But if I just grabbed, how about if I just grabbed like a, a whole stack and, and I have 'em like in punk rock, in mobile fidelity in like Frog Rock. So here we go. We got, you know,

1 (49m 45s):
Yes. One

12 (49m 46s):
Step, step

1 (49m 47s):
That is that fragile

12 (49m 49s):
We just bought? Yes. We just bought Van Halen One step. So it's supposed to be, it's from the master recording redone, and then we got Steely Dan Ooh and then we got, you know, what else do we got over here? We got, we got, then we got some punk rock stuff and then we got, you know, then we got Jeff Al, what is this? Oh, we got Tom Petty. And then we got, you know, stuff from the sixties and seventies, you know, and then we, yeah, we got it all. We got it all.

1 (50m 22s):
If I said that you could have had a career for 20 years or more being a drummer, let's say you could have been the drummer for Rush or you, you just are a fan of Rush and you still have your baseball career. If, if I said you, I I'll take away your baseball career, but you've been the drummer for Rush for 30 years,

12 (50m 48s):
Huh? Yeah. That's a, that's a, well if I, if I don't have a baseball career, I wanna be able to do something in life. I mean,

1 (50m 56s):
But you have to give it up. You have to give that up. It, it doesn't exist. I'm talking to Randy Johnson the drummer for, for Rush, right? Now

12 (51m 5s):
I. I, I would, I, would I do that? No, I just, I just, I didn't really know about drumming when I was seven or eight years old, but I already knew about pitching. I already knew about Vita Blue, you know, the person that I looked up to because I grew up outside of the Bay Area and he was, you know, playing for the Oakland As. I, I love all that music. I love drumming. I, I love the band Rush. I love lots of rock and roll bands.

1 (51m 36s):
Okay. Gimme your top five drummers, aside from, from Neil with, with Rush, who, gimme, gimme five of your favorite drummers.

12 (51m 44s):
John Bonum, ginger Baker, buddy, rich Keith Moon. I think that's five right there, John. Going in all different kinds of genre. Buddy Buddy Rich is, I think a lot of people look to him as probably, you know, one of the finest drummers and best drummers of all time. And then you get into the rock and roll and everybody kind of, it's either, you know, I mean really what really what really defines the best drummer. It's kind of like you saying, you know, who is the best, well, what era are we talking about? You can't, you can't compare Cy Young back in the early 19 hundreds to Greg Madis.

12 (52m 29s):
That's not just not fair, you know? Yeah. So I, I guess you could do it a little bit easier it with drumming, but you know, there's lots of different genres and I think, you know, you'd be surprised those jazz drummers like Buddy Rich could probably do a lot of the stuff that rock and roll drummers could do, but rock and roll drummers can't do what Buddy Rich was doing.

1 (52m 51s):
It's great to talk to you and seems like you're doing well. So I

12 (52m 55s):
I I'm doing okay. I'm five, five months removed from full knee replacement, so I'm on the disabled list now, but look for me, look for me coming out of a bullpen somewhere after the all-star break.

1 (53m 10s):
Oh, great to talk to you again, Randy. Thanks for joining us.

12 (53m 13s):
Thanks for having me, Dan. I appreciate it.

1 (53m 15s):
That's Randy Johnson Hall of Famer and

DirecTV (53m 18s):
DirecTV has launched for the Birds. It's a national advertising campaign. Narky. Yes. So Randy wants to make things right with that poor bird that he killed in spring training. And you can go to directv.com, backsplash bird ballparks, chance to win your own stadium sanctuary there.

1 (53m 41s):
Yes, Todd, for

3 (53m 42s):
Someone that seems so scary and intimidating to watch him on the mound, it's just amazing how lovable, likable the guy is. Just the way you just having a conversation with him, it's a total of

1 (53m 51s):
180. Well, his career is over, there's nothing to be upset about. And he did say, you know, people said I was surly on days I was pitching. I experienced that firsthand in Chicago. Diamondbacks were playing, I go in to see Mark Grace and Luis Gonzalez and Randy's pitching that day. So you go into the locker room, I go to the right, grace is there and Luis Gonzalez and they, they go, Hey, go down there and say hello to a unit. And, and Randy is down there at his locker and I'm thinking, you know, I'm Mr. SportsCenter. Yeah. They walked down there, let me do Randy a favor, I'll go down there and say hello to him.

1 (54m 34s):
And I walked down there, I said, Hey, Randy didn't turn around. I said, Hey, hey Randy, Dan Patrick SportsCenter. And he turns around and he goes, so, and I hear, I hear Mark Grace and Louise Gonzalez dying laughing and I walked back, I said, you SOB. And they go, you don't approach even they were saying the teammates didn't approach Randy Johnson on the day that he was pitching. So.