0 (0s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before at BetMGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets if you don't win your first bet. When you register with BetMGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options, and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips, every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the King of sports books today. Bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements.

0 (47s):
Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC

1 (57s):
What's up? This is Boy Lil dva. And check out my podcast conversations with UNC on the Black Effect Podcast Network each and every Tuesday, conversations with UNC podcast feature casuals and in-depth. Talk about ebbs and flows of life and the pursuit of happiness. Unlike my work on stage, I tap into a more serious and sensitive side to give life advice and simply offer words of encouragement. Yet remind folks to never forget to laugh. Every Tuesday, listen to Conversation with UNC hosted by Lil Duval on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast

2 (1m 28s):
Presented by at and t Connecting changes everything.

3 (1m 32s):
The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But everything else costs. More smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system that brings accounting, financial management, inventory, HR onto one platform. It reduces it costs. And over 37,000 companies have already made the move. Right now backed by popular Demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. So head to NetSuite dot com slash patrick NetSuite dot com slash Patrick.

0 (2m 8s):
You are listening to The Dan. Patrick

3 (2m 10s):
Show on

0 (2m 11s):
Fox Sports Radio.

3 (2m 12s):
Well, we did it. We made it to hour one. There were some doubts, but morale is high. We were just chatting about gossiping and all of a sudden I look up and I go, I gotta do a show and entertain a nation. And here we are, Fritz, Seton, Marv, Paul, years, truly the backroom guys as well. And you, whether you're watching on Peacock, thank you for downloading the app or you're listening our radio affiliates over 400 cities carrying this award nominated program. But here is the bad news. We did not get nominated this year for a sports Emmy. I should have said it yesterday, but it was too painful.

3 (2m 54s):
I needed another 24 hours to process this. But once again, we're not not gonna win the sports Emmy this year. And

5 (3m 2s):
It's almost impossible if you're not nominated.

3 (3m 4s):
Yes, that's true. And I blame Mario because Mario puts together the tape that they send to the sports Emmy people and then they vote on this and then they decide if this is a great daily show. And you know, as the years go on, the years dwindle. We only have so many, so many more years here for an opportunity to win a sports Emmy. And it's not about me, it's really about the Dantes, it's about the audience. It, because I've already won a couple of sports Emmys. I know what that feeling is like. But I see the disappointment on Seton's face. And you know what puts more pressure on me, you know, and, and I'm sorry guys.

3 (3m 48s):
I'd let you down again. We got three more tries and then that's it. Because I don't want to get one posthumously when I'm dead. And then all of a sudden they say, you know what? On second thought, we should have honored that show because that show did spawn a lot of other shows. You don't have Pat McAfee without this show. Well, you don't have leotard without this show. We've left a legacy. But it'd be nice with a sports Emmy for that legacy. Yeah. See, see

6 (4m 19s):
That's the problem though, is that you would get one posthumously for this show. Then it'd be like, oh yeah, those guys, I mean they were along for the ride. But we gotta give one to Dan for The Dan. Patrick Show. Okay. Because he did so well.

3 (4m 30s):
Somebody has to be there to pick it up. Yeah, if I'm not around, you guys can. Okay. And I already got it planned that there's only one voice. At least that's what they say when you go up there. It's one person accepting. But I would like for everybody to speak at the same time. So when they say, oh, here on behalf of The Dan, Patrick Show, it's Todd, Fritz, Seaton O'Connor, Marvin Prince and Pauly Paps. And then you guys go up there collectively and then you start the acceptance speech by going,

5 (5m 1s):
It's about time. Everyone

6 (5m 2s):
Look at me. I was the most important one this whole time. And no one ever gave me any credit

3 (5m 6s):
There jerks. Well, no, we don't wanna say that. But that, that would be it. That would be how I'd like to go out. I think that would be nice. That's All, right?

6 (5m 15s):
I've resigned myself to the fact it's never gonna

3 (5m 17s):
Happen. Well no, you're the one. We're not winning one. No, you're the one that says No, don't say that. We need to win. Yeah, we're gonna win.

6 (5m 22s):
I'm the one that used to

3 (5m 23s):
Say, okay, All. right. Good. I'm glad that you've lowered expectations. Yeah,

6 (5m 27s):
It's not gonna happen. Yeah.

3 (5m 28s):
Yes, Paul. So

5 (5m 29s):
We went, we went Oh for five. We did. We were nominated five times Open bar five times. A couple of 'em were remote though. That kind of stunk. Yeah. You know, so we only got to go three times. Outstanding studio show Daily. The nominees this year were MLB tonight. NBA countdown, NFL Live. Pardon the interruption. Which is always there. And SportsCenter, which is almost always there. MWB tonight is almost always there.

3 (5m 51s):
Yeah. But pardon the interruption. They only do 30 minutes. They don't even do 30 minutes. They do 22 minutes. It's

5 (5m 57s):
A good 22.

3 (5m 58s):
Tony doesn't even have to leave his house. I mean, okay,

5 (6m 1s):
Maybe we should scale our show down to 30 minutes and we'll crush

3 (6m 4s):
It maybe, maybe 22 minutes. Maybe we'll do 22 minutes. Would we

6 (6m 7s):
Get, be able to get a great 22 minutes every day?

5 (6m 10s):
Wow.

6 (6m 11s):
Could we do a truly great 22 minutes?

3 (6m 16s):
No Now I. Think we could do a a consistently good 22 minutes. That should

5 (6m 20s):
Be the name of the show.

6 (6m 21s):
PTI.

3 (6m 21s):
Yeah. Consistently good. Yes, Todd. But it

7 (6m 25s):
Goes back to what we've mentioned a few times before, like they need to kind of look into some other category. 'cause so many times we're put up against shows and it doesn't match up with the traditional sports talk show and other programs. They're highlight shows are, they're very different than what we do.

3 (6m 37s):
If they got to see how we put this all together, we'd win a sports Emmy every year. I mean, somehow we, or it

6 (6m 44s):
Would really devalue the nominating process.

3 (6m 48s):
But look, I'm not, I'm not begging for anything here. I'm not asking for sympathy. I'm just letting the audience know, letting the nettes know that we did not get nominated this year and we'll, we'll try again next year.

6 (7m 1s):
I don't wanna, I don't wanna be like, if we're gonna win one, I don't want it to be best radio show on TV Emmy. That's a bunch of crap. I don't wanna win that. I'd rather, I wanna beat the SportsCenter people or Best TV

3 (7m 14s):
Show on off

6 (7m 14s):
5,000 of them.

3 (7m 15s):
Yeah, yeah. I mean we're going up against behemoths. It's just us. We're just a couple of guys here in a converted with tool rental place machine

6 (7m 26s):
Shop or something.

3 (7m 28s):
And, and somehow, I mean, look at, I got guys doing jobs they never did before. But you know what? That's the beauty of it. That

6 (7m 35s):
Might be why we're not nominated. No, no, no.

3 (7m 40s):
I think you know what it is. I think I need more hot takes. That's why we're not getting nominated. Could be. I think we open up with the Cowboys and the Lakers today and we just have a Cowboy Laker day and we just do hot takes and see if that works. Yes, Paul. But if

5 (7m 56s):
You look at the list, these aren't hot takes. Shows that got nominated for Sports Emmys. Well,

3 (8m 0s):
Pardon the interruption. They give you some hot takes.

5 (8m 3s):
Nah, but they're not fo takes, they're actual opinions. Oh,

3 (8m 7s):
Okay.

5 (8m 7s):
Like I don't, I don't find that to be a hot take show at all.

3 (8m 10s):
Yeah. Baseball. Baseball tonight or MLB tonight. Yeah. They did it again to us. I mean they're not, not ever, dude. They're nice guys. But come on. Not

6 (8m 19s):
That nice. No,

3 (8m 20s):
I mean they're all guys who weren't great baseball players and they threw 'em in a studio.

6 (8m 25s):
Wow. Hey you Skippy, roll up your sleeves and show us how a bun works.

3 (8m 31s):
Okay. Yeah. Great.

6 (8m 32s):
Yeah. Great. Yeah.

3 (8m 33s):
How about another Harold Reynolds demonstration? I know. Now see,

6 (8m 36s):
When you're turning two, your hips have to be this way so that then you can get a,

7 (8m 42s):
Give the people what they want.

6 (8m 43s):
Yeah. Yeah. They have a jib. Great. Yeah. We're never gonna win without a jib. Yeah.

3 (8m 47s):
The jib camera. Ah,

6 (8m 49s):
Okay.

3 (8m 50s):
All, right. Nice

6 (8m 51s):
Sweeping shot of the studio.

3 (8m 52s):
Yeah. Oh wow. Look at that. That's impressive. Oh yeah. That's a Gib.

5 (8m 56s):
Can't underestimate the Gib though.

3 (9m 2s):
Stat of the day. Brought to you by Panini America, the official trading cards of The, Dan, Patrick Show. Hey, we got merch, we we got merch, we got Marvin Merch, we got a new T-shirt Fritz. He has on one of Marvin's t-shirts today and my Fresh Prince and, and we celebrate the Yukon Huskies. Marvin's Yukon Huskies. Going back to back. And you can go to dan patrick.com for that first hour of this formerly award nominated program brought to you by Express Employment Professionals Express is gonna help hire, help you get a job though will help you. The hiring process there. Job seekers never pay a Fiat Express. Check out express pros.com to find your location. Express pros.com.

3 (9m 42s):
And I'm sure some of the Dan Nets will probably check in with Express Pros once this show ends in a little less than four years from now. True. Yeah, that's true. Very true. Alright, so we have a poll question, play of the day, stat of the day, all of that coming up. Operator Tyler is standing by. He will take your phone calls. Eight seven seven three DP show to the WNBA draft as per expected. Kaitlyn Clark goes to the Indiana Fever, they immediately sell out all of their merchandise. Lakers at the Pelicans tonight. Warriors at the Kings, the Brooklyn Nets. Have a new head coach. I don't even know their old head coach. And I started to think about this with the Brooklyn Nets.

3 (10m 24s):
They almost had it now. They were never going to be the favorite in New York City. They could win an NBA title and I don't think Manhattan would care. And I don't even know how much of Brooklyn would care. But they almost had it three years ago. Eastern Conference semis. But then it all went away and we thought, okay, they got their coach, they got Steve Nash, they got Katie. Oh, they're gonna have Kyrie. They got it all then they don't have anything. Okay. The Brooklyn Nets have had two coaches this year. Can you name one of the two?

3 (11m 4s):
Marvin. Jacques Von. Okay. That was the one I was gonna go with. Yes. Paul

5 (11m 8s):
Marvin should be able to get the other one. There's the hint. Okay. It's in Marvin's wheelhouse. Okay.

3 (11m 13s):
That sounds like a, A Connecticut Kevin Ollie, Ollie income

5 (11m 18s):
Free Kevin Ali is correct. Okay.

3 (11m 20s):
Yeah. Yeah,

5 (11m 21s):
He did a month and a half. Alright.

3 (11m 23s):
All. right.

5 (11m 23s):
That's a great gig. A month and a half. Did a

3 (11m 25s):
Month and a half and got out. Yeah. Yeah. Got paroled. Okay, so the Brooklyn Nets are hiring, who is it? Jordy Fernandez.

5 (11m 36s):
Let's say he has to wait play 30. Oh, let's say Kevin Ali's already out.

3 (11m 39s):
Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Who did they hire?

5 (11m 43s):
We should wait till they play. Yeah, we, it's not gonna last.

3 (11m 48s):
What do you mean the, his

5 (11m 50s):
Coaching tenure? The guy, yeah. Let's, let's talk about it after 50 games. Well,

3 (11m 53s):
We have to wait till next season because their season's over with. We have the playin games coming up tonight. And of course you got the Warriors at the Kings Lakers at the Pelicans. I'm looking at the numbers here. According to Draft Kings, the Lakers are getting one against the Pelicans. The Warriors are giving two and a half at the Kings. Wait, what do you got here? Was that a stat of the day? Thought So, okay, All, right. Gimme Darius Rucker. Then here we go.

8 (12m 28s):
2, 3, 4 stat of the day Day. Here comes the of the day. Of the day of the day. Here comes the stat of the day.

3 (12m 45s):
I think that the Nets were looking at Mike Boden Holzer, but Jordy Fernandez was an assistant with the Sacramento King. So he will get that opportunity with the Brooklyn Nats. Yay.

5 (12m 57s):
The good news for your kings, Dan Fernandez will continue to be on the bench and help the team throughout the playoff run. Yeah,

3 (13m 3s):
My Sacramento Kings. But that'll be fun tonight with the Golden State against the Kings. And then the Lakers will be at the Pelicans All. right. Let's poll question today. Seton

6 (13m 15s):
One for Pauly. If you were gonna buy stock in.dot, do or you could buy stock in do.do the to the WNBA, the other absent here. M-L-S-M-M-A other, neither. Neither. Is there another sport on there? Lacrosse maybe? Perhaps.

3 (13m 32s):
Hmm. I would say MMA you would, that's a billion dollar industry.

5 (13m 37s):
But are you buying it high?

3 (13m 39s):
Still buying it? It's a billion dollar industry. I mean, to the WNBA has to build off this momentum just because you have Kaitlyn Clark. You know, you still have to have people watching these games, going to these games. You know, when Gretzky came to the LA Kings, you had a lot of southern states that wanted to have hockey franchises. They wanted Gretzky coming through town. Well, how many times is he coming through town? That's where you have to build a league that people wanna see. And Kaitlyn Clark comes in a lot of eyeballs on the league and a lot of young talent there. Now you wanna see if those people who wanted to see her in college wanna see her as a professional.

3 (14m 20s):
I think that's gonna be the key. And then they've talked about expansion with the, to the WNBA. And that will also help because when you travel, if you can do like an East coast swing or a West coast swing, now you're gonna cut down on the travel costs instead of going, you know, here for one game and then back that you have other franchises. So they might add, you know, two more teams here. But Kaitlyn Clark getting taken number one last night, no surprise. And she spoke about the honor.

8 (14m 51s):
I think

9 (14m 51s):
The biggest thing is like, I always just believed in myself. I went to Iowa with the goal of taking us to the final four. We did it twice. We went to two national championships, four big 10 championships. Yeah, there's my teammates. They're pretty awesome. And I think just a belief in myself and my parents always instilled confidence in me from a young age when I was a young girl. And I, I think that's something a lot of young girls can learn to have. And I think people supporting them certainly helps. So yeah, I think the biggest thing is the confidence. But I told my mom before this is like, you know, I earned it and that's why I'm so proud of it. Good,

3 (15m 23s):
Happy. Yeah. This is a kind of a coronation culmination of a lot of things that have happened and allowed her to become the focal point of women's college basketball. Now can you take that to the, to the WNBA? Are you as curious in the, to the WNBA, they're not a very good team. That's the reason why they have the number one overall pick. In fact, the Las Vegas ACEs are your big favorites there. The New York Liberty, Connecticut Sun, Seattle Storm, Indiana Fever, way down the list. But Caitlyn Clark, Leah Boston, that's pretty good inside outside combination. And maybe it'll be fun for people to watch, go out of their way to find it. But the mothership is gonna put them front and center.

3 (16m 4s):
That helps out. You wanna be able to, like the live tour doesn't have distribution. If, if, if you said, how do you find it? I go, I think on the cw, but I don't even know if that's true. Do I watch it on YouTube? You gotta have distribution without that you can't survive, you know, the XFL, the UFL having ESPN there or Fox involved in it. You gotta have that people can watch. And let's face it, we do watch, we want movement. We want something that's going on on a nightly basis. And you tune into something and hopefully people will be tuning into this because they're still curious.

3 (16m 47s):
But you gotta be curious about everybody else or other teams in the league and other players in the league. You have to, you know, totally commit to that. You can't just go, I'm gonna make this secular and it's only gonna be about Kaitlyn Clark. The league doesn't, you know, they don't benefit off of this as much as you would hope that they would. And there's some, there's some names there and I think that's important. But there have been names here, the, to the WNBA Hass been around for a long, long time and you've had some great players. So that's where I'm curious about can you get, if you don't get it, Now, I, wonder if you will get it because this is the biggest marketing ploy that you have and she'll be coming to a city near you.

3 (17m 29s):
Yes, Marvin.

10 (17m 31s):
So after the, to the WNBA season, do you have Caitlyn Clark come back and host SNL to just keep it rolling?

3 (17m 39s):
I don't, I'm not gonna program for Saturday Night Live, but you should. No, it depends on how popular she is. Yeah. I I mean, Jake from State Farm was pretty popular last night too. He's everywhere. Yeah. I mean, come on Jake. Like, do you have to hug everybody backstage? Yes. See, yeah,

6 (17m 57s):
It does depend on how comfortable Caitlin Clark is. I know she's the, the face of women's college basketball and certainly you know, of Iowa. But how comfortable she is with the spotlight and being out front long term. You know, especially in like situations outside of basketball.

3 (18m 16s):
I didn't think she looked comfortable last night. Which it might sound weird because she knew she was gonna be the number one pick. Everybody loves, you know, seeing her. But she strikes me as the kind of person who is comfortable doing what she does. Not talking about what she does or sitting there where everybody's, you know, all eyes are on her and the focus on her and all she's doing is sitting there looking at her phone. But when she's playing basketball, she's in her element. And you'll find that with athletes. They, you'll find guys or you know, women who are shy and then you put 'em, you know, in their world, their sports world, in their vacuum. And then you see that personality. And that was the feeling I got watching last night.

3 (18m 58s):
'cause she was just sitting there, okay. And she was sitting sort of by herself and, you know, they kept her around. Two, did a couple interviews, just say, Hey, coming up round two and we'll talk to Caitlyn Clark. So they were doing their best to kind of keep that momentum going. Get her

6 (19m 16s):
Reaction to the later round picks any surprises for her.

3 (19m 19s):
We'll take a break. We'll come up with a poll question. Phone calls are welcome and Tim Legler from the mothership will get us ready for the play in game. He'll join us coming up a little bit later on. We're back after this on The Dan Patrick Show.

11 (19m 33s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan Patrick Show weekdays at 9:00 AM Eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio and the iHeartRadio app

12 (19m 42s):
Radio two NBA insiders podcasting twice a week to plug you right into the NBA grapevine

13 (19m 49s):
All happening in only one place. This league uncut the new NBA podcast with me, Chris Haynes and

12 (19m 56s):
Me Mark Stein.

13 (19m 58s):
Join us as we team up to expound on everything we're covering, hearing and chasing.

12 (20m 3s):
Listen to this league uncut with Chris Haynes and Mark Stein

13 (20m 7s):
On the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or. wherever you get your podcast,

6 (20m 12s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboards not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win. But that's when you dig deep, lift your head up and you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang. Hes, take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

10 (20m 29s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit Mobile Game Monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do. Yeah,

6 (20m 45s):
You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

10 (20m 58s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climber leaderboard I'm in for sure.

6 (21m 5s):
So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

0 (21m 13s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before. At BET MGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets if you don't win your first bet. When you register with BetMGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options, and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips, every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the king of sports books Today, BetMGM and Game Cinch Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia.

0 (21m 55s):
Only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC

3 (22m 10s):
It is getting that time of the year. It's Miller time. You don't need a watch or a clock to tell you it's Miller Time. Weather gets a little bit warmer, all of a sudden the beer gets a little colder. It's

0 (22m 20s):
Beer cracking season. It

3 (22m 21s):
It, whoa. Okay. I don't know if it says that on the calendar. It's a beer that strips away everything you don't need and holds onto what matters the most. It's a light beer that tastes like beer. That's why I reached for a Miller Light. And it's less filling only 96 calories. They've been doing this since 1975. They have perfected it. You know, that summer afternoon, we're coming into that time of the year and be like, oh man, crack one. Yes or two, don't look at your watch, don't look at the clock. Don't look at the calendar. You know, Miller Light, the great taste less filling, tastes like Miller. Time to get Miller Light delivered right to your door. Visit Miller l.com/patrick or you can pretty much find it anywhere that sells beer.

3 (23m 3s):
Celebrate Responsibly Miller Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 96 calories per 12 ounces. Fewer calories, fewer carbs, that premium regular beer. Miller LI have an unbelievable day ahead of me. After I get to entertain a nation for another two and a half hours, I get to drive an hour and then I get to meet with somebody who is an estate planner. So when I die, how we divvy up everything. Hmm. Yeah. And how exciting is that? I get to talk about death and then divvying up things for my kids. You guys, of course. Yeah. See, well

6 (23m 42s):
You're, you're fortunate to have an estate to divvy up Dan as you're looking at this

3 (23m 46s):
Wrong, I don't, I don't know if it's an estate. I think it's just called estate planning. But, but

5 (23m 51s):
Think about this. Do you have the option to go today or go tomorrow or maybe go next Monday? It's not like pending. What

3 (23m 57s):
Do you mean? Going,

5 (23m 58s):
Going to the appointment? Oh,

3 (23m 60s):
I thought you meant, and

5 (24m 1s):
All the above because

3 (24m 2s):
You know, we're all day to day. Sure. I have to do it today. I can't put it off till tomorrow.

5 (24m 7s):
You you actually could because

3 (24m 8s):
I

5 (24m 8s):
Could. Your health is in good shape.

3 (24m 10s):
I'm rolling the dice. Live it up. You never need to live

5 (24m 13s):
It up. Shouldn't that person come to you? Aren't you the customer?

3 (24m 15s):
Well, okay. My wife said, no, I wanna see the office, I wanna see what it looks like, the people who work there. And I said, you know, you're really looking forward to this a lot more than I am, hun. And I mean, I'm not accusing her of anything here. If it's just, we gotta get this done. And I might have overheard her say, I don't know how much longer he is. God, but you know, she was talking to the estate planning guy. Yes. You

5 (24m 44s):
Hear, if you hear where it's like probate and arsenic in the same sentence. Run.

3 (24m 48s):
Yes. See, you're

6 (24m 49s):
Not gonna do that thing to your kids where you're like, and nobody gets anything. We're giving it all away.

3 (24m 54s):
Yeah.

6 (24m 54s):
You're not gonna do that. Yeah,

3 (24m 56s):
No, I'm not gonna do that. But you know, the kids are curious about it. They're like, so do you put it in writing what we're getting? And

5 (25m 4s):
They they ask that.

3 (25m 5s):
Yeah. They they just want it. They're curious about it. I said, Hey, you damn vultures, you know you'll get something. So don't worry about it. Yes, Todd.

7 (25m 15s):
Now your wife wants, you said it's in Greenwich, so she's not concerned that this place is in some alley somewhere next to a chamber, not a mini mall or

3 (25m 21s):
Something like that. No, no. It's a nice community. Probably gonna cost me even extra to talk about death.

6 (25m 27s):
I think they do estate planning well in Greenwich, Connecticut, if I'm not mistaken. I, I haven't spent much time there, but I think

3 (25m 32s):
It's a nice place.

6 (25m 33s):
I think things are going well there.

3 (25m 35s):
It's it's a nice place to talk about death. It is. So I get to do that today. And I said, hun, how long do I have to talk about death? And she said, will you stop saying that and don't say that in the interview. And I said, I was gonna walk in and say, Hey Jimmy Lipper, I'm Dan, and when I die, let's divvy this up. And then she goes, you do. No, you're, I said, I'm not, I'm not. I'll go in, I'll be professional, but there will be a dead, a dead joke in there. Some

7 (26m 2s):
People don't get your humor. She warns you over that all

3 (26m 4s):
The time. They do not. But when it comes to dead humor, eh, I mean, I'm gonna be deadpan when I'm there. Okay. Thank you Todd. Yes. Yes, yes.

5 (26m 14s):
Paul. You know how guys like Tupac and Prince when they pass away, their estate has like recordings Yeah. That they sell later. Promote. What if we taped a couple segments?

3 (26m 23s):
Oh no, I have stuff in the archives. Yeah. Yeah. I have shows and interviews that I've done that you guys don't even know about.

5 (26m 28s):
Banked. Yeah.

3 (26m 29s):
Yeah. They, they're in the vault.

5 (26m 30s):
Like Johnny Cash releases albums 10

3 (26m 32s):
Years later. Yeah. You're like, oh my God. He did this interview with Michael Jordan and he kept it back there for decades. Yes. Time.

7 (26m 39s):
Is that gonna be one of those things where if you're hearing this, I'm already dead. Here's Nolan Ryan

3 (26m 42s):
Part two. Maybe I'll do that. Thank you, Todd. Good idea. A little depressing. A little depressing. Yeah, I know. And then, but I do, I I'm trying to figure out when you go to my grave, like what? You press a button. I think you should press a button. And then I say something like, Jim Nance. I'm Jim Nance. I would have a button at my graveside. Hello friends. Golly. Yeah. I don't know what I, I don't know. And I don't know what the SportsCenter theme song there, but I got, I'm trying to work this out here a little bit. I did have a friend who recorded something before he died. And then we were at the funeral and I realized that he was gonna speak from the dead and that there was something that they, that they, he had it planned where he says, get me outta here.

5 (27m 34s):
Oh, you mean they held up like a recorder?

3 (27m 36s):
No, he did something. I don't know how it was done, but somebody pressed something and you heard him say, Hey, get me outta here. And, and then you had people who were freaking out and others who were laughing hysterically. So maybe I do that. Like, Hey, let me out. Yes. Marvin,

10 (27m 59s):
I can't wait to be at the funeral so I can cry during, people hate Marvin. Don't bit much Marvin's. So soft Marvin's soft greatest

3 (28m 8s):
Hits. Oh, so I got that later today. Yeah.

5 (28m 11s):
Yours could be like a roast. You could make like 20 or 30 lines about people you know, and then when they go up to the casket, they press their own custom button and they get a line from it on the way out. Okay.

6 (28m 21s):
You're not gonna do the Michael Jordan. My Hall of Fame speech

3 (28m 25s):
Turns into a roast. No, I won't do that. No, no, no. I won't. I won't. Yes. Time. Are you

10 (28m 31s):
Gonna do it? I'm Dan Patrick and I'm

3 (28m 33s):
Gone. Gone, gone, gone. Or you know, maybe I'm in Fuego. They just,

6 (28m 42s):
If you're cremated. Yeah, they're

3 (28m 43s):
Cremated. Yeah.

5 (28m 44s):
That would make sense.

3 (28m 46s):
Dan Patrick,

6 (28m 47s):
An RN with your ashes and in Fuego.

3 (28m 49s):
Yes. Yes. Yes. Marvin, who

10 (28m 50s):
Do you think would be the most famous person at your funeral? Ooh,

5 (28m 54s):
That's a great

3 (28m 54s):
Question. I would say Sandler. Will. Ferrell, Linda Cohn, Elco

6 (29m 4s):
Legend.

3 (29m 6s):
Reggie. Reggie Alois. Who else would be here? Darius Match. Yeah. Would be, would he perform? I would like for him to perform a song. I don't know what I, I'm not quite sure what that song would be. Let

5 (29m 22s):
Him Die.

6 (29m 23s):
Can't sing.

3 (29m 28s):
I'm trying to think who else might be. Well

5 (29m 30s):
I could surprise you's like Patrick Ewing would be a great person. Tendency. Oh yeah. If we could book him in advance. Oh, pat.

3 (29m 34s):
Yeah,

5 (29m 34s):
That'd be great.

3 (29m 35s):
Paul Bearers, we've talked about this. Sure. You know, I gotta narrow this down to six and I don't know if I'm gonna get people who are gonna be glad I'm dead and volunteer to be a pallbearer. Do I have Danette? I mean, Marvin's small hands if you drop me. I mean

7 (29m 54s):
You won't feel it.

3 (29m 56s):
Yeah. But my wife will. It'll hurt. And then Todd, Todd big beefy arm should be able to do it. Yeah.

7 (30m 3s):
My lower back tightens up on me a little bit. I can't make any promises.

3 (30m 7s):
Yeah. So that's my day to day. I get to go talk death. Yes.

5 (30m 11s):
Paul. I think Van Pelton, I think he'll make it no matter where. You know he's in DC now. He'll run up for that. Yeah. Yeah. He'll make it. He's tall. It'd be great. Rangey guys like, well

3 (30m 20s):
No, I think I could find enough people to carry my casket. But

5 (30m 22s):
Tall people, it seems more impressive. You get like Ewing and Van Pelt. Ooh, start off there. Yeah.

3 (30m 26s):
But then you don't want to have it lopsided where I have a i'll, I'll produce it. A seven footer and a six five guy. And then, you know, I have Todd, you know my might have a problem. Would

7 (30m 39s):
You give forgive Stanler? He said Danny, I'm in Australia filming. Right. Now, I sent a fruit baskets. I just, I can't, I just can't.

3 (30m 44s):
Hey, I understand that it's, I mean he is acting. That's, that's part of the business. If he can't be there, I know they'll be there in spirit. I mean,

6 (30m 51s):
It's no different than the master's topic we had yesterday. If you're off working and somebody dies, ah

3 (30m 57s):
Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, I understand. It can't make it if it's during the season and all of a sudden, you know, the Joker can't make it because he's got like a, you know, matchup with the Lakers. I understand that. Or Luca can't make it. Yes. Paul

5 (31m 10s):
Barkley's in a hundred percent.

3 (31m 11s):
Oh, Barkley. Yes. Chuck would be there.

5 (31m 13s):
He'll be there early. Yeah. He'll get the party going.

3 (31m 16s):
Yes. I'm saying keg. I think keg or kegs that, and then we do Tra Traeger Chad, Traeger Chad from Traeger. Oh. And he'll be out there whipping up a batch and we'll just have a nice, nice time. It'll be fun. Yes.

5 (31m 37s):
Paul, I think Guy Fii will attend you guys. Guy would be a, you guys have gotten close over the past

3 (31m 40s):
Couple. Yes. Guy FII Diners Drive-ins Dives and death. He

5 (31m 45s):
Runs in, does a quick segment and bolts. That'd be great.

6 (31m 48s):
Maybe he get the main cabin masters guy Build, do a, a casket, main

3 (31m 52s):
Casket Masters Ryan from main cabin Masters. Casket

6 (31m 56s):
Masters. That's great. He from a lovely knotted pine up here.

3 (31m 59s):
Main casket masters. I love it.

6 (32m 2s):
Got Cedar right here.

5 (32m 3s):
Belt Sander.

6 (32m 5s):
Yes. Tammy pulled this out the river by Dan Hausen. That's,

7 (32m 9s):
If you had to pick between a happy or sad occasion for it, you you'd want it to be a, a celebration or, well,

3 (32m 14s):
I'd like some tears. What

7 (32m 15s):
If I were like, wow, you guys are having way too much fun. I just died here. Why you having a gala here? No,

3 (32m 20s):
No. I'd like to have tears. And then it'd be tears of joy. Like, hey, wow, you know what, that show never won a sports Emmy. And then that's when it gets emotional and then all of a sudden we celebrate. We ask Paul,

5 (32m 34s):
With your permission, I'd love to ask Will Ferrell to sing Dust in the Wind like he did in old school. That'll bring the house down. Done. And Will's a showman. He'll do it.

3 (32m 42s):
Done. Done. Great Call Pauly. Thanks.

5 (32m 45s):
I'll put it on the list.

3 (32m 45s):
Yeah. Start producing this thing. You know, I got three and a half years left for the show. I mean, the show's dying. Now I just don't want to go down with the ship. Okay.

5 (32m 56s):
Sandler on guitar. He loves to break out the guitar.

3 (32m 59s):
Yeah. But I always want him to play the Hanukkah song and he never plays the Hanukkah song

10 (33m 4s):
And is Ika. He'll figure something out and it's Hanah.

5 (33m 11s):
This is gonna be an Emmy worthy, how

3 (33m 12s):
About Danica Patrick? Maybe? Sure, sure. It'd be nice

5 (33m 15s):
Old friend. Yeah.

3 (33m 16s):
Okay. Yeah. There's a couple of people that I have to put in writing that can't show up though. I, I can't say that you

10 (33m 25s):
Have like bouncers telling them they have to wait.

3 (33m 27s):
No, no, no. I'm, I'm just saying. Well, there'll be laminates that if you show up, I mean you're gonna have a press bounce. Do we have wristbands?

10 (33m 32s):
What about wrist bands? Does

3 (33m 33s):
Everybody,

10 (33m 34s):
How about with do wristbands? Yeah,

3 (33m 36s):
But there'll be A-V-V-I-P area. Sure,

5 (33m 38s):
Sure.

3 (33m 39s):
Roped off. Yeah. If you'll be And there'll be bottle service there. Yeah. Now

10 (33m 44s):
The dead carpet, you know, like you set it up for who can go through dead carpet.

5 (33m 49s):
I think someone like Steve Levy in charge of entertainment. He's a fun guy. Good friend of yours. Always a fun person.

3 (33m 55s):
Yeah.

5 (33m 55s):
Levy's in.

3 (33m 56s):
I don't know if he's the life of the party

5 (33m 58s):
Though. Oh, if there's a party, Levy's in.

3 (33m 60s):
Yes. Marvin.

10 (34m 1s):
Does Keith Oberman speak at your funeral? Like magic bird? Like if magic dies, bird's gonna speak. You

5 (34m 10s):
Gotta let Keith speak.

3 (34m 11s):
Yeah. Yeah. If, if Keith wants to, sure. It'll

5 (34m 15s):
Get political halfway through. Yes. Don't get

3 (34m 17s):
Political. Don't don't get political. That would be the only thing. Hello

10 (34m 21s):
Everyone. He would introduce himself

3 (34m 22s):
Or Yeah. Yeah. DP

5 (34m 25s):
Killing Dan. Vote suppression. What? It's just a, it's

3 (34m 29s):
A funeral. What? What did you say? Okay. So that's what I have later today. Who has it better than me? Nobody. Let's talk some death. That'll be great. Doug in North Carolina. Hi Doug. What's on your mind today?

14 (34m 45s):
Well Dan, I'm thinking about sports superstitions. When you open the show today, I started to think about that Billy goat in Chicago and the curse of the bambino. And I have a theory that The Dan, Patrick Show may be under the curse of lov. You haven't been nominated since he left. I think he took his little Robert Griffin Jr. Third Jersey that you gave him. And I think he planted a curse on you guys. And I wanted your opinion on that.

3 (35m 11s):
So the curse of Mc, is it the curse of Marvin or the curse of Mc Loven? Because I am. I'm not sure

10 (35m 20s):
The answer's. Yes.

3 (35m 21s):
Well the show has been better with Marvin in my opinion. We love MCN and gave, gave a lot of great memories there. But is it the curse of Marvin or the Curse of mcn? I guess I'll say the Curson Mc Levin. Yeah. But we did have him on in Vegas. Maybe if we put that, that segment on our tape for the Sports Emmy, then maybe we could have gotten nominated. Or did we? I don't know. I just heard from Will Ferrell. He says he's technically unavailable for my funeral.

5 (35m 58s):
Wow. All. right. He knows already.

3 (36m 0s):
That was quick

5 (36m 1s):
Choir commitment.

3 (36m 2s):
The fact that he knows he's not gonna be available. Wow. He doesn't know what I'm dying, but he's technically unavailable. I respect that.

5 (36m 8s):
So he would've sung, but he's booked

3 (36m 11s):
It. He just says I'm technically unavailable. He came all the way to Ireland. But he won't come for the Not surprising. Yeah, well it's okay. Look, there's gonna be some no shows. There just will be. And I'm okay with that. Yes. Marvin

10 (36m 28s):
Is the funeral here or in Cincinnati?

5 (36m 31s):
Good question.

3 (36m 35s):
I was thinking a couple of funerals. Almost like a tour. Tour stops. Yeah. Like tour stops or make shirts. Yes. San Antonio, you know, 'cause I wanna get Greg Popovich.

5 (36m 45s):
We're big in the Midwest. Wisconsin and Iowa. Iowa,

3 (36m 47s):
Yeah. Yeah. Iowa, Appleton,

5 (36m 48s):
Wisconsin. Yeah. Hotbed. That

3 (36m 50s):
Would be great too. Let's get

6 (36m 51s):
Des Moines in there while we're

3 (36m 53s):
Oh Des Monet. It's our

5 (36m 54s):
People. Yeah. Up now the coast.

3 (36m 56s):
Yeah. And then we give the presentation of putting me in the ground, but we're not, then we just take the casket and then we head to another city. We're gonna be barnstorming as well. Yeah. It's

5 (37m 6s):
Like dude, perfect. We just come to your town and entertain and leave.

3 (37m 10s):
Dead Perfect. Dead perfect. Here we are. Okay. How about we take a break here. We got a quiz coming up. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We're taking suggestions though on planning this, but my estate planning later today. It's gonna be awesome. Fox

11 (37m 28s):
Sports Radio has the best sports talk lineup in the nation. Catch all of our shows@foxsportsradio.com and within the iHeart radio app search FSR to listen live.

6 (37m 40s):
Well it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up and you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang. Hes take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

10 (37m 57s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit mobile game Monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do.

6 (38m 12s):
Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

10 (38m 26s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards. And climb the leaderboard I'm in. For sure.

6 (38m 33s):
So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

0 (38m 41s):
Enjoy all your favorite sports like never before at BET MGM. Sign up using Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets if you don't win your first bet. When you register with BET MGM, you get instant access to a variety of parlay selection features, live betting options and the best daily promotions in the business. And with BetMGM at your fingertips every play and every game matter more than ever. Remember to use Code Champion and receive up to $1,500 back in bonus bets. If you don't win your first bet, place your money line prop and parlay bets with the king of sports books Today. BetMGM and Game Cinch Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only Virginia only new customer offer subject to eligibility requirements.

0 (39m 27s):
Rewards are non withdrawal bonus bets that expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER promotional offer not available in Washington DC

15 (39m 38s):
As you may have realized, I watch a lot of sports like a lot. That's why I like Prime video. It has all my live sports and docs in one app like Giannis, the Marvelous Journey and the National Women's Soccer League. Both included with Prime Plus. You can buy Premier boxing or stream the NHL and NBA playoffs on max with the Bleacher Report Sports add-on or add Paramount Plus for the masters on CBS all in one app with one password Prime video. It's all your favorite sports in one place. Restrictions apply Prime membership required for add-on subscriptions. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.

3 (40m 20s):
A lot of people with suggestions for my funeral later today I get to go talk to an estate planner. Yeah. So when I die then what happens? Yes, Paul, we're gonna

0 (40m 32s):
Put the fun in funeral.

3 (40m 33s):
Yeah, that's a motto. I like that. All. right. We've already heard from Will Ferrell who said he will not be available to sing dust in the wind at my funeral. But you know, we're still taking suggestions for being pallbearers and I got a couple of people who have, Paul, you have to be, since your name is Paul, you have to be a pallbearer. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Todd, you will not be a pallbearer. I got the hernia thing, you know. No, I, I cannot afford you to drop the casket in front of my wife and kids. Yes, yes. A lot of people

6 (41m 3s):
Saying that. That would be Todd's chance to let you down. One more time.

3 (41m 7s):
That's

0 (41m 8s):
A great line.

15 (41m 11s):
Fantastic.

3 (41m 12s):
Today's Mercedes-Benz interview of the day, aren't you Behind Mercedes-Benz Ev. The fully electric EQS sedan from Mercedes-Benz. It's innovation on a magnificent scale. The vehicle electric, the feeling is all Mercedes Learn more at mbsa.com/eqs. He's one of the great shooters in the history of the BA So good that he once said that he could beat me left-handed from three point range and he's right-handed. It's Tim Legler, the NBA three point shooting contest champ in 1996. Do you remember when you said that Legs?

16 (41m 46s):
I do vividly. And I, I still feel very strongly about that. By the way, real quick, I, I love this topic about the estate planning. Yeah. Because it's funny because I've recently had conversation, not, not necessarily meet with an estate planner, but just kind of going through the Rolodex in my head. Like who I want to be a pallbearer, who I want to speak that I think would do my life justice. Right. I, you know, 'cause 'cause you know, my mom passed away last summer. I delivered the eulogy. It was a, it was a Catholic mass and they, they, they, they were kind of pretty strict on we don't want multiple speakers. So I was like the one guy that got up there and had a chance to do that. And I'm telling you right now, when I go, I want as many people that wanna speak about me.

16 (42m 27s):
They can. I don't care if we're there for three or four days. I want anybody who's got something nice to say about me to have a chance to do so. And, and honor me the right way Dan.

3 (42m 36s):
Okay. If you could pick some people maybe that you played with or against who could be your pallbearers, who would you use?

16 (42m 43s):
Oh man, that's a great one. Well I would definitely have Cal Cheney on there. Is, does that name ring a bell?

3 (42m 49s):
Yeah, former Indiana Green

16 (42m 50s):
And probably my favorite teammate I had as a pro. Just consummate professional. I'd have some randos that probably you'd be kind of surprised about. Brent Price would be in there. I'd have Brent Price in there. Okay. Jim mva. I'm going back to my washing base.

3 (43m 6s):
Seven footer. Yeah. Yeah. Big man.

16 (43m 8s):
Absolutely. Yeah I'd have, I'd have him in there. Who else would I have in there? I'd probably, yeah, Chris Weber would probably get a call.

3 (43m 16s):
Okay.

16 (43m 17s):
And he's got great hands too, which is important in something like that. Softest set of hands I've ever seen. I want him run. Kinda like running point on that operation.

3 (43m 26s):
Alright, let me start with the play-in games. And this circulated yesterday, I don't know if actual NBA former NBA players or NBA writers are suggesting this, but it came out that the Lakers should somehow tank tonight against the Pelicans to avoid then moving on and facing the Denver Nuggets. And my logic, my suggestion to this stupid suggestion was you're gonna eventually have to run into Denver. I'd rather face Denver now than I would later. And then let's say you lose, now you face the, the Warriors who have won 10 of their last 12 and three straight against you or Sacramento.

3 (44m 5s):
Sacramento's beaten you five times in a row. How did we get to this point that the Lakers should somehow tank tonight to avoid facing the nuggets the next round?

16 (44m 15s):
Yeah, and, and unfortunately I was part of those conversations yesterday and I took the opposite approach as you did. I just don't buy into it. I think competitive integrity says you go out there and you try to win. Like I understand if it so happens that the Lakers were to lose the game and then they, you know, you assume they win the next game against the winner of the Golden State Sacramento game. Which I think is a reach, 'cause what you just said, the success those two teams have had against the Lakers this year. But let's just say you go ahead and make that leap and now they're in, there's no doubt that it's a better series for them to play whole Oklahoma City than Denver. Like there's no denying that. And and that's where the basis of this comes from and also this, this dire need that some people have for the Lakers to continue to play on.

16 (44m 58s):
Like how are we gonna survive if the Lakers aren't continuing to play? I've actually made jokes, Dan, that once they're eliminated, whenever that may be, let's say they don't make the, the, the playoffs they lose in the play in two games, let's just say that happens. I said we'd be three games into the first round of the actual playoffs and one of the questions I would get asked on the air, I guarantee you is how do you think the Lakers would be doing right now if they were still alive? Like this is, this is the mentality. I think that's what it is more than anything. It's inconceivable to people to think we're gonna have a postseason without LeBron in it. So let's figure out the best way to ensure that they have a longer run and that's avoid Denver as long as you can. Obviously I'm fully against it.

16 (45m 38s):
I think number one, you're putting yourself in a precarious situation. 'cause then you're in a one game situation to go home for the summer against either Golden State or Sacramento. Okay. And now you don't even get to participate in the postseason. If you put yourself intentionally in that situation, a rolled ankle, Anthony Davis gets another back spasm. Somebody has a bad shooting night, foul trouble. Anything can happen in a one game situation to prevent you from even getting a shot at the Denver Nuggets. So I obviously I'm fully against it. I don't think the Lakers are gonna buy into it. Yeah, but how you play the win tonight, they're gonna win. Tim,

3 (46m 9s):
You'd be throwing a game. Correct. Cleveland did this at the end of the regular season. Yes. They pulled their best players because they wanted to set up a better matchup in the postseason. If yes, I mean you can't, how do you manipulate a game like this without drawing attention from the commissioner?

16 (46m 29s):
You can't, the league would come down heavy. And here's the other thing, Dan. No one's raised the prospect. What if New Orleans had the same idea? So what do we got tonight? We got a bunch of backups playing each other in a playoff game. Like this is what we're good at the league. The league would come down with a heavy hammer if that were the case. Now we'll say this at the end of the regular season, if you know that you're gonna be one of those top six teams, like you're, you're in a playoff series, you already know that. You see it all the time. It's going on for decades. Manipulation of players to try to affect who you would play. But at least you know you're gonna have a seven game series against somebody. This is totally different.

16 (47m 9s):
This would be literally putting your season in the hands of one game one night. Do we get to move on? Because that's what you'd be left with. Winner goes loser goes home if you ended up playing the winner of the nine 10 in that situation. So I just don't think the Lakers wanna bring themself to the precipice of going home for the summer. Take your shot at the Nuggets, win the game tonight. Take your shot at the Denver Nuggets. You've got LeBron James and Anthony Davis that the psyche of those two players, particularly LeBron, shouldn't be to duck anybody. Go play them. And yeah, you'll probably lose that series as will every team probably in the Western conference that sees them.

3 (47m 44s):
Do you have an MVP vote?

16 (47m 46s):
I don't have an official vote. No. I I, I think actually years ago it kind of meant more to me I think because I think there are, I believe there are a lot of people that vote Dan, that I don't think are watching games and I'm, and I'm kind of going, wow. And they get a vote to affect something that important Now, I'm actually watching the games. I think it's kind of diluted. But no, to answer your question, no, I just give my strong opinions on it, but I don't actually cast one.

3 (48m 11s):
And I felt that it, there was a push from Kendrick Perkins to prevent Joker from winning a third MVP last year and he said this l kind of late in the game, like, oh my God, basically this guy can't join the Larry Bird and some of the other players, he won three MVPs and then he goes out and you know, they give it to Embiid and Embi was wonderful. Joker wins an NBA title, now we're getting the late push that Shea Gils Alexander, they're the number one seed he should get. You know, maybe he's the M-V-P-I-I keep saying, I know we get tired of stories and nobody, you know, we've run outta things to say about the Joker.

3 (48m 51s):
He's still the best player in the game. He's still the most valuable player in the game. Why is there this late push for maybe Anthony Edwards? I mean Luca, you can put him in there as well. It just seems like Joker is the MVP again. Like it or not.

16 (49m 6s):
Yeah, he, he'd he'd get my vote. It'd be very close. I actually think if, if Dallas had another 10 games to play, I think Luca could have run him down in the home stretch. Okay. Because Dallas has been unbelievable since they made their acquisitions at the trading deadline. Lucas had the best individual season of any player in the league. You can't argue it. He's created more offense between scoring and facilitating any player in history. It's the best individual season in the league, no question about it. But when you have another really viable candidate and it's close, which obviously Joker is in that category, it's hard to dismiss the, the win gap between the two teams. It just is, it's hard to dismiss that. That's why I say if Dallas could have played 10 more games, you know, they may shrink that gap to two or three.

16 (49m 52s):
Now it's a toss up in terms of the winning Now I think Lucas had a better year and it would be him, but I don't think he quite was able to run him down. So I think Yoic is gonna win his third and four years.

3 (50m 4s):
Yeah, I agree with, with you with Luca, but it's almost, and we liken Luca to Josh Allen in the NFL, like we keep waiting for him to take that next step. And, and maybe this is the year, but, and he's relatively young, but it's quick. How we, we kind of move on. Like Jason Tatum, like certain guys were like, let's move on to the next guy. We're waiting. Anthony Edwards is here and Shay Giles, Jason Tatum's still a wonderful player, but it's like you got your window to capture our imagination and then if you don't capitalize, we're like All. right? Let's talk about Victor one, Bama.

16 (50m 40s):
You know, there's, there's lists. You're a hundred percent right there. There's no doubt that's what happens. And actually what happened with Yoic, if he were to, if he were to win it again, there aren't, there aren't a lot of examples historically where, you know, you, you, you, you get that hot name, you win a couple, which he did and then they go in a different direction, the voters and then you come back and get another one. Like it's hard to do that once they've kind of moved on. It's hard to do that. But I think it, what helped him clearly was Mbbi going down Embiid at the time he got hurt was, I think he had it in his grasp to win back to back MVPs. And I think Philadelphia would've been within striking distance of the Celtics. They would've been the two seat in the east. They would've been, the Celtics won, what, 64 games.

16 (51m 22s):
They would've probably been upper fifties, 58, 59. There wouldn't have been the gap you have now between them and the Knicks. The Sixers would've been in there if he didn't get hurt and with what he was doing, statistically, I think a beat had a great chance to win it. Once he went down, it opened it all up for everyone again. And that's when I think you got back to the appreciation of what this guy is doing every single night. And so I think he's going to win it. I don't know who's gonna finish. Second between Luca and Shay, I think Shay's gonna get a lot of votes because it's such a young team. No one expected them to be the one seat in the West that deserves a lot of credit. When you're a 30 point score, it's driven around you. I, I for me personally, it would be Luca two, Shay three, and then actually my fourth guy would be Brunson.

16 (52m 3s):
I think Brunson deserves to be on the ballot, like you're gonna vote for five people. His name's gonna be written in there to some extent, where when you add up the totality, the points, he's got a great shot, I think to finish fourth, he and Giannis probably four and five, round out that five.

3 (52m 16s):
Jim Legler, the former three point shooting contest champ and an analyst with the mothership Also, you know, LeBron hasn't won an MVP in over a decade,

16 (52m 27s):
Right? Yeah.

3 (52m 28s):
Like, you know, they, they kind of like, we moved on, we take him for granted that

16 (52m 32s):
Four and five years I believe. And then that was a wrap in that and you, and you move on. I always describe the guys that are in line as being at like the, the counter, the deli counter at the grocery store, right? Where you take your number and you kind of stand there and wait for your order because it's eventually those guys are gonna get MVP consideration or win one and you start checking the list. Okay, who doesn't have one yet? Okay, now he's got one. And there's this, there's always like this core group of young players like Tatum you would expect has to get one. The problem is, it's so weird, is he's been in the running the last three years. Now what happened was they made their team so good, it actually hurts his chances. That's how, that's how bizarre the whole thing is.

16 (53m 12s):
Like, well you have that much help. Of course you're not gonna get MVP votes when he is exactly the same player, but because of the help around him and the emergence of Jalen Brown who's playing his best, now, they go, well now you can't win it. Like, I don't think Tatum finishes in the top five and they have the best record in the league and he is been in the top five multiple times, but this year he won't, despite the fact it's his best team. Like that's, that's kind of the logic behind it. And Bead was on that list, got his, so I don't know if he'll get another one. And then with the injuries and everything else, Luca obviously it's gonna be his turn. Eventually he's going to get one. So there's, there's guys in the waiting and once they get it, you kind of move on from the guy that's, that's the perennial winner. And, and that's eventually gonna happen to Yoic, but I don't think it's gonna happen this year.

3 (53m 56s):
Victor Mbma, if you don't get him, if you didn't get him now, you're not gonna get him. 'cause it just feels like they gotta make that roster better. I don't think he had a great point guard and to get him, like, he's still kinda learning, positioning, like, where am I supposed to be? And that's what struck me when I would watch him. There were times where he was muscled out of the way or he got lost. He, he just, and then all of a sudden it started to click with him, first of all, what's San Antonio do to make him better next year? And do you agree that as he said, Hey, I've only shown you 50%,

16 (54m 34s):
No question about it, that the league's in trouble, the league is in trouble. And I agree with you. And so obviously you didn't have a reason to watch the Spurs except for him. So as the season's going on, I've always, I'm covering the whole league. I'm watching other teams that are more relevant to the postseason, but I'd always make sure I got one Spurs game in a week because I wanted to see the progression. And I agree with you, the beginning of the year, first 20 games at least, he didn't really have a purpose offensively. He kind of drifted around. He spent way more time on the perimeter than he did anywhere near the paint. They didn't run anything for him by design. Greg Popovich wanted to deflect all pressure away from him. Like, we're not gonna come down and run ISOs for this guy when he is not physically strong enough or has the confidence yet to operate 'cause he's gonna look bad and, and we're gonna deflect that.

16 (55m 21s):
So we don't care how many games we win. And that's the approach they took. And as a result, you win, you know, 15 games, whatever it is. So that's the approach they took. But as you watched him each, each month, even if you watched him once, it's like, wow, now he's running the floor and he's getting a guy on his back and he's turning and sealing that guy and putting his arm up and he's holding his position and demanding the basketball. Look at the way, now he's handling the ball in traffic, which was something we saw on Film Against Weak Competition before he came to the league. And then early on it was like, wow, that's a steal, that's a deflection, that's a strip now, not so much. He can operate as a guy seven four handling the ball like that. And it looks amazing. He's shooting turnaround jumpers into Post Over people, big guys.

16 (56m 3s):
And he's having no hesitation whatsoever. His, his defensive presence and the ground he covers is unique unto him. He makes plays every night defensively that he's the only player in the league that can make that particular play. So when you look at the totality of it, the league's in trouble with a guy that does this many things well at this size now, to your point, what do they need to add? You're 100% right Dan. You've got to go out and get a veteran accomplished point guard someone to set the table, put guys in position, give him the ball, an easier places to succeed. They didn't really have that. They got a couple of nice young wings that I like that can score.

16 (56m 43s):
They don't have that leadership at the Point Guard position. Everybody thought Fred Bale had an opportunity to end up there last year. That would've been a tremendous acquisition for Weby. He ended up in Houston. So now they'll hit this summer and they'll continue to look because that's something you need to do to help him max out and get where he needs to be to help you contend sooner rather than later.

3 (57m 4s):
Could you outshoot Kaitlyn Clark, right? Now

16 (57m 7s):
I? Think I think right now, no, I don't think I could. I don't think I could. As we sit now, you gimme a month to prepare. I'll take a run at her. Okay. I don't shoot a lot anymore. Now she's a, she's listen, she's amazing. She's, she Cap totally captivated me. I look, I this might be, I dunno if you think I'm nuts, I have these conversations with people in terms of sheer entertainment value for me to watch basketball players. I think she might have cracked my top five all time. And that's men or women? All, all

3 (57m 37s):
Time.

16 (57m 38s):
Yes. I'm going mjs in that category. Steph Curry is in that category. Uhlin Kaitlyn Clark is in there, believe it or not, I got a random one. Russell Westbrook was in that category for me for about a five year stretch with Duran. And then right after Durant, because of his relentlessness, I just was so enamored with a guy that played that hard and was that productive. So Westbrook for me, I didn't miss a Russell Westbrook game. And Caitlyn Clark goes in there, man. I I, I just, Larry Bird would be the other guy that's my five. And yeah, I, you could, I could watch Caitlyn Clark every single night play basketball. I'm not fascinated with her mind, her toughness, obviously her shooting ability, but it's just, I think it's her, her IQ and her, her mental toughness because she's a target every night and she doesn't, she doesn't allow it to get her off her game.

16 (58m 31s):
And I just, I have so much respect for that. It's

3 (58m 33s):
Like Jason Kidd with a jumper, you know, she, she runs the floor, she knows the floor, she finds people and I'm telling you, you can't leave her open even when you're not leaving her open. I would probably put magic in there over Russell

16 (58m 45s):
Magic's right there for me too. I look. Yeah, it's tough. It's tough. If you start, you really narrowing it down.

3 (58m 50s):
That's saying a lot though that you're putting her in the top five all time basketball entertainers.

16 (58m 56s):
Oh yeah. Sign me up. I I didn't, I I'm, now I'm at this point I'm gonna be catching as many of those games as I can. I'll tape 'em. I'll watch 'em. I did her last couple years in Iowa. I'm gonna do the same thing when she's a pro. Her passing ability alone guarantees her success at the next level. Even if you don't see as many displays and you clearly won't as you had at Iowa when she was playing with inferior players and she could take whatever shots she wanted whenever she wanted different in the, to the WNBA, all those girls can play, all of them can score and she's gonna be a target of defenses to limit it. You're not gonna see those types of numbers at Iowa clearly, but you know what she is gonna do, make every single one of her teammates a better basketball player because they're rewarded because she sees things before anyone else does.

16 (59m 40s):
And that's why even if she's a, an 18 point scorer, 20 points, whatever it may be, she caps out at the, to the WNBA, she's gonna be a double, a digit assist type of player with that dual threat is gonna make her one of the best in the league pretty quickly. Yeah,

3 (59m 53s):
I think you bring up a great point. I think people are gonna go, wow, she's only scoring this amount, but she does have talented scores on the team. Right. And I think that she'll ingratiate herself by being that pass first and and

16 (1h 0m 8s):
Def Oh, no doubt about it. Yeah. See, even, even if there's people in that, 'cause I think she got a lot of unfair resentment. It's really strange what happened with her where just by your own success and greatness you be, you become a target of resentment and jealousy. It, it was a weird thing to watch. Yeah. And I felt, I felt actually some empathy for her going through that. And it's gonna be even worse at the, to the WNBA level, man. Day one, they're coming for her. There's no question about it. But the difference is now every single person that's around her is going to support her in that locker room. Now, even day one, if you got a problem with her, 'cause you're jealous and you're lacing up for that first day of practice and you're looking over like, oh this, this girl getting all this attention's made at all this money already.

16 (1h 0m 48s):
I got news for you that'll go away about an hour into your first practice when you get hit in the side of the face with a basketball and a back hut and you didn't even know you were open and you go, wow, okay, this girl's really fun to play with. She's going to find me when I'm open. Her passing guarantees success at the next level.

3 (1h 1m 5s):
Let's talk again in the playoffs. Always great to talk to you legs. Thank you. Yeah. Love

16 (1h 1m 8s):
To Dan. That's

3 (1h 1m 9s):
Tim Legler from the Mothership.

17 (1h 1m 11s):
Hey guys, you know what? This playground could use a wine country, huh? A redwood forest would be cool.

6 (1h 1m 17s):
Ski

10 (1h 1m 18s):
Slopes. Wait,

17 (1h 1m 19s):
Did we just invent California?

18 (1h 1m 21s):
Discover why California is the ultimate playground@visitcalifornia.com.

6 (1h 1m 26s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboards not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up, you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang. Hes take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

10 (1h 1m 43s):
See. And that's right. The smash hit mobile game Monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do.

6 (1h 1m 58s):
Yeah, you could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great.

10 (1h 2m 11s):
You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb the leaderboard I'm in. For sure.

6 (1h 2m 18s):
So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the app store or Google Play. Let's go.

19 (1h 2m 26s):
Judy was boring. Hello then Judy discovered Chumba Casino dot com.

20 (1h 2m 31s):
It's my little escape

19 (1h 2m 32s):
Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh baby

20 (1h 2m 35s):
Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa.

19 (1h 2m 37s):
Take it easy. Judy Juba. The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to Chumba Casino dot com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Juba Chumba Casino dot com. No purchase necessary for we permitted by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.