Navy Federal Credit Union (0s):
This episode is brought to you by Navy Federal Credit Union and Navy Federal. It's been the mission to help the military community for over 90 years. And not just help them, but do everything to make sure they not only grow, but flourish. That's why Navy Federal Credit Union has all kinds of great savings and investment options, like share certificates with sky high rates. So don't hesitate. Start growing your finances today with a variety of savings and investment options. Navy Federal Credit Union. Our members are the mission savings products insured by NCUA. Investment products are not insured, not obligations of Navy Federal and may lose value.

BetMGM (32s):
Hey, baseball fans, Go Yard with bed MGM, the king of sports books. All season long we're offering top odds on your favorite home run Bets fast and convenient ways to play Same game, Parlays special boost, and so much more from the first pitch to the game. winning fireworks There are more ways than ever to supercharge your excitement. Whether, you want to combine multiple bets for the chance at a bigger payout or place a live bet as the game unfolds. Be MGM has all the home run betting options you can need. Download the BetMGM app. head to the ballpark and get your piece of the MLB action. Bem GM is an official partner of Major League Baseball. Be MGM and Game Sense Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only. DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards are non withdrawal Bonus bets at expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Toyota (1m 28s):
This is Holly Fry from stuff you missed in History Class. Venture out in a spacious and reliable Toyota SUV, like a RAV4 with available all-wheel drive and plenty of cargo space. You'll go from errands to adventure in no time. Plus available features like wireless charging will keep you connected. Or check out a Highlander with seating for up to eight. It's a hub for family adventure. Your Toyota dealer is getting new vehicles in stock almost every day. So don't wait. Find deals on a RAV4 or highlander@buyatoyota.com. Toyota, let's go places

3 (2m 2s):
You are listening to. The Dan, Patrick Show on Fox Sports Radio.

4 (2m 6s):
We did it. We made it to a Friday. It's a Meet Friday. It's hour one. What a great smell. Got outta my car. Walked into the Traeger V and there it was. Garlic bread, bacon risotto, smoked Tuscan chicken, otherwise known as Mary Me Chicken. Have you heard about this? That if you want somebody to get engaged, you make the marry me chicken. It's that good. So we are whipping that up on the Traeger. Who has it better than we do? Nobody. All, right? Poll question, play of the day, stat of the day, all of that coming up. The great Al Michaels a little bit later on, and former NBA Guard and a player that Marvin thinks is one of the five most exciting players who have ever played basketball.

4 (2m 52s):
Jamal Crawford, are you gonna tell Jamal that you think he's one of the top five most exciting players? You guys didn't

5 (2m 59s):
Say five, you guys said the most exciting players, and he's in the conversation.

4 (3m 3s):
Okay, but you put him in the conversation of most exciting players. Absolutely. Okay, All, right? You're gonna die on that hill, aren't you? You're be, you're gonna be alone on that hill. I might be love Jamal Crawford. Not one of the more dynamic, exciting players in NBA history, basketball history. All, right? 8 7, 7 3. DP Show, email address dp@danpatrick.com. Twitter handle at DP Show. Good morning. If you're watching on Peacock, you can download the app if you haven't done so to watch the program. And we say good morning to everybody listening on their radio, over 400 cities that carry this program, iHeartRadio, Fox Sports Radio as well.

4 (3m 43s):
All, right? Six days until the NFL drop spoke to a source last night. And I said, what do you have for me? And he said, at first I thought that Michael Pennix and Bo Nicks would not be in the first round. I said, okay, that's information. And then he says, but the more research I do, the more people I talk to, we're probably having six quarterbacks taken in the first round. And that means that Michael Pennix Jr. And Bo Nicks are moving on up. And that's how he described this. He said, your first four, they're probably gonna be the first four depending on if somebody trades, somebody gets squirrely, somebody moves up.

4 (4m 24s):
But he thinks that those four quarterbacks are gonna be taken probably in the first four picks. So then my source said, you know, the Raiders, you gotta consider them with Michael Pennix. You know, do the Rams wanna move up Denver? What do they do? So Bo Nicks and Michael Pennix according to a source, not initially in his first round, but he said, after talking to some people, I truly believe there's gonna be six quarterbacks taken in the first round. Sean Peyton Bronco's head coach talked about taking the right quarterback.

6 (4m 57s):
You'd say, man, it sure looks like we have to draft a quarterback. And yet it's, it's gotta be the right fit, the right one. And if we had the tip sheets as to everyone else was taking, it'd be easier to answer that question. And so that's the puzzle here.

4 (5m 13s):
I've been saying this for a long, long time. Don't take a quarterback. Take the quarterback for you. And that's what Sean Peyton is saying. GMs make this mistake. And sometimes what happens is nobody's telling you the truth for the most part, or at least publicly. Now, privately, you might get some indications here like, you know, we like him if he's there. And, and, and you'll hear GMs or you'll hear fellow scouts that they'll couch things. You know, if he's there, well, even if he's there, that doesn't mean you're taking him. But, you know, trying to work your way through the smoke screens is the interesting part. Six days out from the NFL

Panini America (5m 50s):
draft stat of the day, brought to you by Panini America, the official trading cards of The Dan, Patrick Show,

4 (5m 56s):
great reaction to the merchandise@danpatrick.com. Lot of new T-shirts there, seas get degrees T-shirt. I'm trying my best head cover for your driver and a lot more. Make sure you check it

SimpliSafe (6m 8s):
out@danpatrick.com. Most home break-ins happen in broad daylight. As the days get longer this spring, protect your home with SimpliSafe Award-winning home security. I use it, I recommend it. Get 20% off any new system@simplisafedan.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe

4 (6m 26s):
play in action tonight. The bulls at the heat, Kings at the Pelicans, according to DraftKings, I've got the Bulls getting one and a half against Miami, Miami without Jimmy Butler, and I've got the Kings giving one and a half to the Pelicans in New Orleans. So those are the play in games and the odds in the Eastern Conference, the imbalance in the Eastern Conference, the Celtics are overwhelming favorites then It's the Sixers. The Sixers, were in the play-in game now they meet the number two Knicks and they're the second favorite odds wise. Then it's the Bucks, then it's the Knicks Cabs Pacers.

4 (7m 7s):
And that's your east the imbalance of the Eastern Conference. Yes. Seton Celtics have been in first place all season. Yeah. For years it feels like. Fair. Fair. Yeah. Yeah. But this is one of those, they're, and we've talked about that, you know, this phenomenon of we don't care what you do during the regular season. You're one of those teams that we look at and go, what'd you do in the postseason? Dallas Cowboys? Hey, 13 wins. What are you gonna do in the postseason, the Celtics? Hey, great, great regular season, what are you gonna do in the postseason? And we've seen that more and more Buffalo bills. Yeah, okay, great. Regular season, what are you gonna do in the playoffs? And that's where we are, certainly with the Boston Celtics, it feels like there's no excuse for them to not make it to the NBA finals.

4 (7m 53s):
The question is, how many games will it take you to get there? How many, how many losses would Boston have before they get to the NBA finals? I can't see too many. I mean, it's a really good team and the East is all banged up right now. The West, that's where it's gonna be a little more challenging here. And I give the Lakers a puncher's chance here. It's not one of those where, and, and it feels like everybody said the same. Oh, Lakers, no chance. Well, you do have a chance. I mean, you got LeBron and ad, you know, you know, a team that doesn't have a chance. The Warriors, they don't have a chance, actually. True. They out.

4 (8m 34s):
Here's Steve Kerr talking about the Golden State Warriors moving forward,

7 (8m 39s):
I think we can put together a, a very good team and, you know, start to transition, you know, towards the next era because it's clearly in our sights. But at the same time, Steph and Draymond and Clay and Chris, they're all, they're all still very good players. But as we are right now, we're not a championship team. We know that. We're not even in the playoffs. So we can't, we can't say we're a, a title contender.

4 (9m 2s):
That's Golden State's head coach Steve Kerr on KNBR. Well, it's non-committal. It's like everybody said the right thing after they lost Steph's saying, yeah, we want to have Clay back. You know, Draymond, hey, we want to have Clay back. Okay, do you really feel that? And at what price? Like, you know, there has to be an asterisk by this. Hey, we'd love to have him back. But everybody has to say the right thing. Steve Kerr can't come come out and say, eh, you know what, clay is really fallen off a cliff or clay. You know, Steph comes out and says something, or Draymond, they do have, they've sprinkled in some younger players, so they could probably put it all back in the blender one more time, which is what I would do.

4 (9m 45s):
I think this is an organization that's been very fair to the players. When Clay went out with the injury, they gave him, they extended him, they kept Draymond through all of his nonsense. They paid Steph, you know, the, the James Wiseman draft pick was terrible, but they have made some pretty good picks. I'd keep it together. I'd have one more run with this and I'd bring Clay back for two more years. But it's not my money, not my team. And I don't have to worry about the luxury tax. But until you see some concrete evidence of they truly want Clay Thompson back and look, I think he can still be a contributor. He's not the second best player on your team.

4 (10m 25s):
And I think you'll, you can be fair to him. You want him to retire a golden state warrior. You want Draymond to retire. I get it. And, and this is what, you know, franchises have to deal with all the time. When you have something special, how long do you wait? Can you wait? Or do you just ride it out and say, let's be fair to those players. I've seen it both ways. I've seen it work both ways. But with Golden stake, I would keep Clay, I would bring him back. Draymond, hopefully you get a chance to talk to him so he doesn't go crazy again and do stupid things again. I mean, Steve Kerr's got a lot of work ahead of him to be able to figure this out.

4 (11m 8s):
What role? Because Clay didn't go quietly to the bench. He went kind of pouting. Now you gotta say to Clay, clay, you're not a starter on this team, but you're a contributor on this team. Draymond may not be a starter, but you're a contributor. Are you all in? But that would be the approach I would have with Golden State. Yeah. Pollen. I, I

8 (11m 30s):
Could see the Warrior's management being a little harsh with Clay Thompson saying, look, we're gonna need you to take a big haircut here. We're gonna give you two years at a very low price. Or you could test the market, which I don't think he would like to do. He played two years for them, I should say. He didn't play two years for 'em. And he got his full salary. They paid him $80 million to not have touch the ball for two years. They've been more than fair to him. I know injuries happen, but this guy has been well taken care of by that franchise. I would be a little t with him.

4 (11m 57s):
Well, I would just give him a dose of reality. Yeah, just say, this is what we, I, I said this before. I would go to Steph Curry. I'd say, Steph, me and you, let's talk. What do you want? You tell me. What do you want? Or what do you not want? And it stays between us, just you and me. Let's talk about this because as we move forward, I want you happy, you're the franchise and I want you to help me make decisions that make this better for you. You want Clay back? You want clay back at this price. Do you want us to try to entertain a trade for Draymond?

4 (12m 38s):
Who would you like to see us bring in? Those would be hard questions. I would ask Steph Curry. I'd give him the ultimate respect of saying, here you go. You're gonna help me be a GM here. All. right? Poll question Seton, what are we gonna go with today?

9 (12m 55s):
Well, I was gonna start with quarterbacks taken in the first round of the NFL draft. Three or less. Four or more

4 (13m 3s):
In the first round.

9 (13m 4s):
In the first round. Oh, I mean, I could do the first three picks or four picks if you want. Well, I can't, that can't be four or more. But

4 (13m 11s):
How about we do five or less quarterbacks in the first draft?

9 (13m 17s):
Five or less.

4 (13m 18s):
Well, we know there's gonna be four.

8 (13m 20s):
Yeah,

9 (13m 20s):
You're right. Oh yeah,

4 (13m 21s):
That's true. Yeah. I mean that's, that's, that's foregone conclusion. There's no drama to that. Yeah, yeah, yeah,

9 (13m 24s):
That's true. So five,

4 (13m 26s):
You think there'll be five if I gave the over under five and a half.

9 (13m 33s):
Five and a half. Quarterbacks taking the first round, you're taking the over or under. Okay. That's a push.

4 (13m 39s):
Yeah. I guess based on the information I got last night, I would say there's gonna be six quarterbacks taken in the first round. Now this, this happens in a lot of drafts. Yeah. See

9 (13m 49s):
Four in the first four picks. Yes. Seems excessive.

4 (13m 53s):
It's never happened before. Right?

9 (13m 54s):
Yes. That, that has the Cardinals taking one or trading out. Right.

4 (13m 57s):
They'll trade out. Yeah. Yeah. So Minnesota, the Raiders, the Giants, maybe Seattle. Like there's a couple of teams where you go, wow, didn't expect them. Broncos in there. Rams maybe. There's always an outlier where you go, I'll be damned. You know, they went out and got 'em because somebody is seeing something in one of these players and you go, we gotta go get 'em. And you saw this with Kansas City years ago with Mahomes. They knew it. They went up, they got him and Sean Peyton doesn't want that to happen again because it happened to him when he was in New Orleans. They were going to take Patrick Mahomes, Kansas City went up, leapfrog them, and then they ended up taking Marshawn Latimore.

4 (14m 42s):
Yes, Paul. And

8 (14m 43s):
There could be a team that nobody has taking a quarterback, what was it, six, five years ago when Green Bay took Jordan Love? Yeah, that was a shocker of the whole draft. They were, you could look back at the mock drafts, they all had Wide receiver. Wide receiver for Green Bay.

4 (14m 54s):
Well, yeah. And I'm sure Aaron Rogers had wide receiver. Wide receiver until, God, could you imagine that? You're just sitting there watching. He's got his tequila, three fingers I think, or four fingers of tequila. And he's looking, now you guys know what that means with three fingers, four fingers with tequila. So the pour, when you say, oh, you know, gimme four fingers.

8 (15m 21s):
I pick a

4 (15m 21s):
Line on the glass and just pour it up to that. Yes. But that's kind of what it is. Yeah. If you put your four fingers up there, that's where the level is. When you get four fingers. I throw

8 (15m 30s):
In a thumb every once in a while. I had a rough week.

4 (15m 33s):
Marvin's amount of tequila in his class is not as high. Dang.

5 (15m 37s):
We're starting like that today.

4 (15m 38s):
No, I know. I'm sorry. That's not necessary. I'm sorry. First

5 (15m 41s):
Jamal Crawford. Now this I

4 (15m 42s):
Know, but I, I, I feel, I I still think that you needed to be, you know, put in the corner given a timeout after the Jamal Crawford thing. I mean, one of the top five or 10 most exciting players of all time.

5 (15m 55s):
No one puts Marvy in the corner.

4 (15m 57s):
I know. I'm gonna put Marvy in the corner. Yeah. Pauly,

8 (15m 59s):
We're gonna bring back the sound of you and Marvin on Jamal Crawford. 'cause from what I recall, we had the top five most exciting. And then I threw out there who was that next tier? And I threw out like Jason Williams, white chocolate and like other players like that. And Marvin jumped in with Jamal Crawford. Could you make the case that

4 (16m 16s):
We even missed Dr. J in the initial drive by like, you know, it was one of those where like, you know, Caitlyn Clark is in there, top five most exciting or dynamic players. And then all of a sudden we're going, okay, who are the other players? Magic's in there. And Michael's in there. All of a sudden it's like people are going, hello. How about Dr. J? Yes, Dr. J Dominique Wilkin. I mean, there's so many players who played the game at a, not only a high level, but an interesting, exciting level. And Jamal Crawford, wonderful shooter, instant offense. Not one. Give me the signature. Jamal Crawford.

4 (16m 56s):
Move moment for you, Marvin. All the great memories. See

5 (16m 60s):
Jamal Crawford was what I like to call a sound effects guy. Like, oh, I saw Jamal Crawford up at the top of the key. He went Ha ha Whap crossover, crossover jumper.

4 (17m 11s):
Okay,

5 (17m 11s):
We're gonna go to YouTube. We're going, you know what? Radio Dish doesn't do him. Justice

4 (17m 15s):
Mark Price was more exciting. I'm Jamal. Say

5 (17m 18s):
That again. Wait,

4 (17m 19s):
I just said it. Whoa, whoa, I just said it. Whoa. Mark Price crossover.

5 (17m 24s):
Oop, I know Mark. Price crossover. Wait, Mark Price from Rucker, huh? Because you don't meet Mark Price from the Cleveland Cavaliers. Yes,

4 (17m 31s):
I do. Yes.

5 (17m 33s):
Mike Price.

4 (17m 34s):
Mark Price. Yeah.

5 (17m 36s):
DeMarcus Price. I know DeMarcus Price.

4 (17m 42s):
Oh well Jamal Crawford's gonna be exciting to know that you have him as one of the most dynamic players who have ever played the game of basketball.

10 (17m 52s):
Let's go. Yeah, it's Friday. It's a good start.

4 (17m 54s):
It's Friday. It is Friday. All. right. When, when we come back, we're gonna play the quarterback draft game. Okay. Is that what we're gonna do, Paul? I don't know

8 (18m 4s):
If we're already yet on this one. Okay. We're, we're, we're work shopping.

4 (18m 7s):
Okay. So is it a great draft or a shaky draft? Is that what we're playing?

8 (18m 12s):
I sent you a, a very bad draft and a very good draft in the recent memory. There's a lot of quarterbacks being taken and

4 (18m 18s):
You know, okay, so 2020 versus 2021. Okay. So that's good and really bad. Then

8 (18m 25s):
Later we're playing a game we played at the past two years. Okay. Where the four of us will pick the quarterback and the team that drafts and keeps them in the first round this year.

4 (18m 35s):
So who's, who's not involved in this? If you say you four are going to be,

8 (18m 40s):
You're gonna judge it unless you would like to play. Hmm. We open to play. It's your show. Okay.

4 (18m 45s):
Oh, it is my show. Yeah, that's right. It's got my name on it. By the way, if you want this hoodie, not this exact one 'cause this is mine. You can go to dan patrick.com and very nice. I mean, I'll give this away. Give it away, give it away. Give it away. Now we'd have to come up with a reason for me to give you the shirt off my back. But I do it. What

8 (19m 7s):
If you order today a, an item, you'll be selected randomly to get the one off your back.

4 (19m 13s):
Hmm. Well I'd be more than happy to take this off, autograph it and give it to a, a listener

8 (19m 19s):
A sauce stain on there. Yeah.

4 (19m 20s):
I don't, you know, I do have, I might have some stuff on here. Game used. Yeah. Yes. Used show used All. right. Lemme take a break. All. right. Lemme get Thank you. Got phone calls coming up. We'll get to those as well. It's a Meet Friday great album. Michael's gonna stop by the exciting dynamic. Jamal Crawford is gonna join us as well. We're back after this.

3 (19m 40s):
Fox Sports Radio has the best sports talk lineup in the nation. Catch all of our shows@foxsportsradio.com and within the iHeart radio app search FSR to listen live.

thisleague UNCUT (19m 52s):
Two NBA insiders podcasting twice a week to plug you right into the NBA grapevine All happening in only one place. This league uncut the new NBA podcast with me, Chris Haynes And me Mark Stein. Join us as we team up to expound on everything we're covering, hearing and chasing. Listen to this league uncut with Chris Haynes and Mark Stein On the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast Or. wherever you get your podcast,

9 (20m 21s):
Well it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep. Lift your head up, you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang Heiss. Take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

5 (20m 38s):
See.

Monopoly Go (20m 38s):
And that's right. The smash hit mobile game Monopoly. Go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love, but on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do. Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great. You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb a leaderboard I'm in for sure. So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

BetMGM (21m 22s):
Hey, baseball fans Go Yard with bed MGM, the king of sports books. All season long we're offering top odds on your favorite home run Bets fast and convenient ways to play Same game, Parlays special boost, and so much more from the first pitch to the game. winning fireworks There are more ways than ever to supercharge your excitement. Whether, you want to combine multiple bets for the chance at a bigger payout or place a live bet as the game unfolds. Be MGM has all the home run betting options you can need. Download the BetMGM app, head to the ballpark and get your piece of the MLB action. Be MGM is an official partner of Major League Baseball. Be MGM and Game Sense Remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards are non withdrawal Bonus bets at expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Toyota (22m 19s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class. When you drive a Toyota Camry, you arrive in style with available all-wheel drive and multiple driving modes. Nothing will stand in your way. And with top-notch available tech like a multimedia, touchscreen, and wireless connectivity combined with the reassurance of Toyota Safety Sense, it's no wonder the Camry is the bestselling car in America for over 20 years. Or check out a new Corolla and define your style with a model for everyone from the sleek and affordable sedan to the super efficient hybrid and the hip and agile hatchback. There's a Corolla made just for you. Toyota's even introduced their spacious Corolla cross as a hybrid for when your adventure calls for both maximum capacity and efficiency. And right now your local Toyota dealer has more vehicles in stock and is making delivery on new vehicles almost every day. So don't wait. Buy a new Camry, Corolla, or Corolla Cross today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals, details and more. Toyota, let's go places

4 (23m 21s):
The women's first major of the season, the Chevron Championship. Nelly Corda trying to continue her hot start. It's the OPGA tour today on Peacock and Golf Gym this weekend on NBEC. All. right? We'll get some more phone calls coming up. Poll question Seton before we get to Jamal Crawford. Well, we're

9 (23m 41s):
Gonna throw up there Player with the most pressure in the NBA playoffs. Damien Lillard. Jason Tatum, Jalen Brunson. Joel Embiid.

4 (23m 50s):
Okay. Most you thought about pressure. Well, let me start there with Jamal Crawford, the Turner Sports, NBA analyst and three times sixth Man of the Year award winner. Great to see you again. Jamal Player who has the most pressure on him in the playoffs is,

14 (24m 6s):
Ooh damn. That's a good one. I would say, I would say the most pressure, but what I will say is the person who could probably change their legacy a lot more is probably Kevin Durant. I, I think a lot of people give him a lot of crap for the Golden State move. Even though he was the finals MVP, you know, for both years they won the championship. So I would love to see the those guys win it. Because I think for a lot of people, you know, they can look, make them look at his career totally different.

4 (24m 35s):
We don't even talk about the Phoenix Suns as being threatening. Why is that?

14 (24m 39s):
Because they've been so up and down throughout the year, but they're really built for the playoffs. I'm seeing him with them now. When he, when re first came, they were using their individual talents, but it was more off the flow of the offense. And then they went through a rocky patch where it looked like he was more a little disjointed. Now I seems like they're getting it back. Bradley Bill's been great as the third option. There's times he's the first option while he's out there. I think Phoenix is good for the playoffs. They could have a deep deeper road.

4 (25m 4s):
I think Jason Tatum has the most pressure because they've been to the finals before. They look like they got an easy path in the Eastern Conference with everybody injured. You know, we were waiting for the Joker to win his title. He won his title. I would say Embiid has a lot of pressure, but he's coming back after the injury. But I would think the Celtics and Tatum probably have as much pressure than anybody else.

14 (25m 32s):
They definitely set it up that way with, with Tatum accomplishing so much at a young age. And then you look at the Celtics, they're, they're five and their top six have been terrific all year. I always say the Celtics biggest opponent could be themselves because when they're up 15 or 20, they're like Mike Tyson, they'll knock you out. Ball's hopping, everything's working. But when the tight game come, they reserve back to, to kind of join the one-on-one and the ball slows down the game, bogs down. And that's their biggest kines seal to me is trust. Where the games are the tightest.

4 (26m 3s):
How much pressure's on Jalen Brunson you played in New York, what, four or five years They're playing Philadelphia. They're the number two seat. How much pressure?

14 (26m 12s):
I don't think there's a lot of pressure on him. I think honestly it'll be the other guys who step up that can help him and help the team. If I'm a team, I'm not letting bru just play one-on-one game after game after game. He's screwed. He can beat you. So I'm sure you'll see different coverages, bigger defenders, double teams. And when he has to get rid of the ball from those other guys consistently make shots. I gotta be the difference between the Knick making a big run or not. They could already overachieve getting the number two C with a, with a hurt. Sure. There's pressure on him right now.

4 (26m 43s):
We had a discussion on the show and we were talking about the most entertaining players in NBA history. I don't know if you heard about it, but

14 (26m 51s):
I did not hear about

4 (26m 52s):
This. Okay, your, your name came up. One of our, Dan Entz. Marvin when in fact here was the Marvin. Here's the, here's the conversation, Jamal, just so you know, full transparency, not trying to hide anything. This is our back and forth. Yes. Marvin

5 (27m 10s):
Not a great player, but entertaining. Jamal Crawford.

4 (27m 15s):
Nah, he's not in there.

5 (27m 16s):
Jamal Crawford's not entertaining.

4 (27m 18s):
Not with these guys. I mean, you're gonna die on that hill alone.

5 (27m 24s):
Come to my funeral. No, speaking of funerals,

4 (27m 27s):
Jamal's not even gonna die on that hill with you.

5 (27m 29s):
Entertaining. Entertaining. I didn't say great. I didn't say great.

4 (27m 32s):
Jamal Crawford was a great shooter.

5 (27m 35s):
Great ball handler. Great shooter,

4 (27m 38s):
Great shooter. Wasn't good enough to start.

5 (27m 43s):
Thanks

4 (27m 44s):
There. Okay. Okay. So who were you mad at? Are you mad at me?

14 (27m 51s):
I'm not mad at you at all, but I'm rolling with Marvin. I'm dying on the hill with her.

4 (27m 54s):
Okay. All. right. So you're on the hill with Marvin. Okay. This is what we did. So we had Tim Legler on and he said, Caitlyn Clark's one of the top five most entertaining players. And you're throwing in Kobe, you're throwing in Mike, throwing in magic Dr. J. And then Marvin brought up your name as the next group. And I said no, that I, I, I didn't say that you weren't great, but it's like, are you more entertaining than Dominique Wilkins?

14 (28m 28s):
No. No. I'm not more entertained. All. right. I can see why you looked at him crazy after that list of names and I get it. Now. I

4 (28m 33s):
Get it. Okay. Okay. But I just want you to know you were instant offense. Marvin is showing me YouTube clips here reminding me Oop. To Blake Griffin and breaking people down off the dribble. I got that. Are you more entertaining than white chocolate?

14 (28m 52s):
No, but I think we're in the same rail.

4 (28m 54s):
Okay. And

14 (28m 55s):
I'm a white chocolate fan. I think he has some of the best handles ever. But I, I'm, I would say we're in the same world as far as

4 (29m 0s):
Entertainment. Okay. Who else would you put in there? Most entertaining players of all? Like Vince Carter is in there, most entertained Penny Hardaway Iverson. Yes. I, there's so many players that are, I mean it's not, it's not a negative to not make that, you know, top 10 win.

14 (29m 19s):
No, no. Kyrie Irving, Steph Curry. Yes. Tracy Rey. I think Penny Shaq. His entertainment like there, there was obviously Kobe's Box office and there's so many people. I think M Ab Roof was entertained. I think Nick Axel was, there was a lot of guys in there for sure. Davis

4 (29m 41s):
Mach mood. It felt like he had that first crossover that I remember. I know Hardaway got credit for, you know, having a great but Mach mood at the, when he was at LSU he was, he was scary. Led the nation in story. I

14 (29m 56s):
Talked to Shaq. Yeah, I talked to Shaq. He said at LSU he looked at Mahmood, Chris Jackson at the time, like a guy. He was like, I was scared to talk to him because he was that big on campus. Absolutely.

4 (30m 8s):
But that was, that was a crossover move.

14 (30m 11s):
Yes. Yes. His ball fakes after he shot it. The way his quick release, the way he embarrassed the fingers, his foot work. He absolutely is one of the most entertaining.

4 (30m 19s):
What was it like though, when you go into a game and you're expected to score and like, so there's pressure that this is what you do, one of the best six men in the history of the sport, but that I gotta turn it on as soon as I get in. While everybody else has been playing for, you know, a few minutes.

14 (30m 38s):
It was definitely fun because you had that freedom, but it was pressure. I look at it like maybe a kickoff return guy. You know, he can run deep every time. They're just loaded up in the end zone. Like we know he's gonna get back here. So you still have to, to find a way. So for me, I was actually playing the game while on the bench. I'm watching that game. Oh, they're playing this with this coverage. Oh okay. They're doing that. They already took away this from Chris or they took away this from jj. I have to absolutely counter it before I even have to use it. So I was playing the mental game of putting myself in the game while I was on the bench. And I think that helped me have some success. And then I tricked myself that I was Superman come in like Superman conversation day. And I just had a heightened confidence.

14 (31m 19s):
And for me, once I got in that role, it, it, it, some magic happened at times.

4 (31m 24s):
All. right. Well we wanted to have you on talk a little NBA but we also wanted to have you on to make sure you understood that full, you know, transparency here that we called you a great player. I just didn't have you as one of the most entertaining players of all time.

14 (31m 41s):
See I have it flipped for me. I think I'm more entertaining than great. So I think there's definitely entertainment value there. Wait,

4 (31m 48s):
You wanna be,

14 (31m 49s):
When I played, I wasn't greatest, but I had holes.

4 (31m 52s):
Okay. Wait, so you want to be entertaining? Not great?

14 (31m 56s):
No, I think I was closer to entertaining and great. I thought I wasn't great, but I think I was really good at what I did. And I think I was, the entertainment part I think is kind of undeniable. So I'm on that hill with Mar

4 (32m 6s):
Maybe you could give him your, maybe you could give him your New York, nick jersey there behind you. That'd be a nice parting gift that Marvin is dying on the dying on that hill with you. Yes, Marvin. Absolutely.

14 (32m 17s):
Marvin.

5 (32m 18s):
Hey Jamal. I always say you are one of those sound effects guys. Like when somebody's describing Jamal Crawford, hey Crawford will go up to the top of the key. Ha ha. What? Like you were one of those guys.

14 (32m 28s):
Hey Mark Mar. When I see people on the street, they try to do my own move on me. I practice this school forever. They try to do the move

5 (32m 35s):
On me.

14 (32m 36s):
I it's coming but

4 (32m 39s):
For sure. Oh that's great. Oh, you're one of our favorites. Thank you Jamal. Thanks for joining us. Anytime you feel great. That's Jamal Crawford, Turner Sports, NBA analyst and former sixth man of the Year won it three times. All. right. Marv. So I'm surprised. Would you rather be more entertaining or great? Greater or entertaining

9 (33m 2s):
Or

4 (33m 3s):
Gra Yeah. Entertaining or great.

9 (33m 5s):
Greater or entertaining. Entertaining

4 (33m 7s):
Or Marvin, what about you? Greater instead of entertaining or, okay. Yeah, Pauly sometimes

8 (33m 16s):
Great's about accomplishments and winning. Right. It's got more and more of a judgment. Vince Carter was entertaining it at this time.

4 (33m 22s):
Okay. Would you rather be Vince Carter or Tim Duncan. Duncan

9 (33m 26s):
Vince. Everybody was going there. Yes. Come on. We all know what's happening.

4 (33m 30s):
You could be Vince Carter or Tim Duncan. I

8 (33m 32s):
Think you gotta pick someone who won a little less Vince. Yeah. But

4 (33m 36s):
That's being great. Yeah. As opposed to being entertaining. Oh, entertaining didn't win.

8 (33m 43s):
I I, I gotta go Tim Duncan. 'cause his name is still out there for

4 (33m 46s):
So you don't want to be entertaining. Oh Todd.

9 (33m 49s):
Clearly Paul doesn't wanna be entertaining.

8 (33m 51s):
Proven that for decades. Yeah.

4 (33m 53s):
Yeah. In everyday life. Yeah. Todd, what about you? I

15 (33m 57s):
Would be more entertaining and then maybe I'd get cameos on TV shows and movies and you could kind of parlay that into other fun stuff away from the court because you're that entertainment.

4 (34m 5s):
Seton. What about you? Entertaining or great?

9 (34m 8s):
Oh man, winning is pretty, pretty great. Yeah. Gotta admit. But I, I think I'd rather be entertaining. So

4 (34m 17s):
You'd rather be Vince Carter than Tim

9 (34m 19s):
Duncan? When I look at like Alan Iverson, I love all of my favorite players are the most entertaining guys, you know? Okay.

4 (34m 27s):
Who would be the point guard comp for? Would you rather be Tony Park? Nah. 'cause I'd rather be Iversson somebody who won Stockton didn't win. Yeah. Paul

8 (34m 40s):
Joe Dumars or Alan Iversson?

4 (34m 44s):
Alan Iverson.

8 (34m 44s):
But Dumars has what, two titles. Okay.

4 (34m 47s):
Isaiah Thomas. Although, although Zeke was entertaining.

9 (34m 51s):
Yeah,

4 (34m 52s):
But he wasn't as entertaining. I mean Iversson was, you know, unique. But I think going back to, would you rather be Vince Carter or Tim Duncan? Just

9 (35m 4s):
What do we need to do that to Tim for? I

4 (35m 6s):
Don't, I think Tim, I think Tim would, I mean come on, Timmy would be fine with this. He would be like, yeah I take Vince Carter too.

9 (35m 12s):
He'd be like Truancy Billups or

8 (35m 15s):
Joe Flacco or Michael Vick.

4 (35m 17s):
Yeah. I think might take Michael. Well

8 (35m 26s):
Take away the off field. Just the playing career and not getting close to a

4 (35m 30s):
Super Bowl. I, you know Michael Vick is like Iversson. He sure is. Yeah. You know it's like, man, that dude was different.

9 (35m 36s):
Joseph Joe Johnson. Yeah.

4 (35m 38s):
Joe Johnson or Yes Todd.

15 (35m 41s):
My test is, Hey that's Mike Vick over there. As opposed to, Hey Joe Flacco, come over here. Let's see if we'll sign over. Who are you more excited to see if you run into them in the street is how I would decide. Something like that. Okay.

4 (35m 52s):
All, right. Whose

15 (35m 53s):
Career you'd want? Who are you gonna get Excited to get an autograph on. What picture with

4 (35m 56s):
Steve in Seattle on the topic. Hi Steve. What's on your mind today?

16 (35m 60s):
Well, I just wanna weigh in and let's talk about most exciting duos and they were both great. Sean Kemp and Gary Peyton that played together in the nineties for the Sonics. Doesn't get much better than that.

4 (36m 13s):
Well Sean was entertaining and at times was the best player on the floor. In fact, when the bowls played Seattle in the NBA finals, there were two players on the bowls who said Sean Camp's the best player on the floor. Didn't say it publicly, but they did say it privately. I know who didn't say it. Number 23. Yeah. Yeah, Mike. Mike was not gonna say that, but yeah, Sean Kemp was entertaining man. Yeah, there've been a lot of those players. But entertaining or great. I was. I was surprised though that Jamal said that he's closer to being entertaining than he is. Great All. right? Lemme take a break. More phone calls coming up and next hour. He is entertaining and he is great.

4 (36m 54s):
He's Al Michaels. He'll join us on the program back after this.

3 (36m 59s):
Be sure to catch the live edition of The Dan. Patrick Show. Weekdays at 9:00 AM Eastern, 6:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio and the iHeart Radio app.

9 (37m 8s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win, but that's when you dig deep, lift your head up and you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bank. He take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can

5 (37m 25s):
See.

Monopoly Go (37m 25s):
And that's right. The smash hit mobile game monopoly. Go let you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies. There's so much to do. Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You could make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great. You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climb a leaderboard I'm in for sure. So get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

BetMGM (38m 10s):
Hey baseball fans Go Yard with bed MGM the king of sports books. All season long we're offering top odds on your favorite home run bets fast and convenient ways to play Same game, Parlays special boost, and so much more from the first pitch to the game. winning fireworks There are more ways than ever to supercharge your excitement. Whether, you want to combine multiple bets for the chance at a bigger payout or place a live bet as the game unfolds. Be MGM has all the home run betting options you can need. Download the BetMGM app. head to the ballpark and get your piece of the MLB action. Be MGM is an official partner of Major League Baseball at MGM and Game Sense Remind you to play responsibly See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards are non withdrawal Bonus bets at expire in seven days. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Toyota (39m 7s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class. When you drive a Toyota Camry, you arrive in style with available all-wheel drive and multiple driving modes. Nothing will stand in your way. And with top-notch available tech like a multimedia, touchscreen and wireless connectivity combined with the reassurance of Toyota Safety Sense, it's no wonder the Camry is the bestselling car in America for over 20 years. Or check out a new Corolla and define your style with a model for everyone from the sleek and affordable sedan to the super efficient hybrid and the hip and agile hatchback. There's a Corolla made just for you. Toyota's even introduced their spacious Corolla cross as a hybrid for when your adventure calls for both maximum capacity and efficiency. And right now your local Toyota dealer has more vehicles in stock and is making delivery on new vehicles almost every day. So don't wait. Buy a new Camry, Corolla, or Corolla Cross today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals, details and more. Toyota, let's go places.

4 (40m 8s):
By the way, we mentioned Bob er on the show. Word got to Bob er Bob er reaches out to me and he said, what am I missing? And I said, nothing. We just mentioned your name. And he said, oh, is everything good? And I go, yeah. And I think he thought I was checking in on him. I the, I did it one time and he said, are you checking on me to see if I'm still alive? And I said, no, but I'm glad you are. So the great Bob er did reach out late yesterday, All. right? We'll get to more phone calls coming up. Eight seven seven three DP Show. He's a hall of famer. He's Al Michaels Thursday night football Play by play on Amazon. Al, great to see you again.

4 (40m 48s):
Al's morale.

17 (40m 50s):
I'm so happy to fill this window of opportunity for you as always. It's so funny you mentioned Bob er and I know when you promoted the fact I was going to be on the show you called me Albino, but that was the name Dennis Miller gave to me. I much prefer Alfalfa, which is the name Bob Yuker gave to me in 1982 and was stolen by Howard Cosell.

4 (41m 20s):
Yeah, you go back to er and the Miller like commercials and how the, when he was on with Johnny Carson and like he was killing it when he was on with Carson.

17 (41m 31s):
I think Johnny Carson actually said at one point, maybe he wrote about it in, in a book that I, he put Eer, I think in the top five of the people he loved to interview. I think Don Rickles would be in there too. I mean, Don Rickles is clearly the funniest man I have ever met. And Bob Eer, I mean he's right in that pantheon. I mean, EER would come, I, you know, I think I've told you this story before, but I was doing the game with Yuker and Cosell in the early eighties and you know, Howard wanted a bunt in a situation where you'd never bunt and yuker iss trying to talk him off of it. But you know, very softly and kindly. And Howard's gonna play with him again. And he says, All, right Yu, you don't have to be so truculent.

17 (42m 14s):
You do know what truculent means, don't you? And without hesitation, yuker says Howard, of course if you had a truck and I borrowed it, it would be a truculent. And I, not only was Yuker funny, but Yucca was quick. He was, you know, somebody would say something in a second later bango,

4 (42m 33s):
I love that. He said, you know, catching a knuckle ball's easy, you just wait till it stops rolling.

17 (42m 38s):
Right? And also, I mean he has so many great lines, you know, there was a $5,000 bonus that was offered when he signed. He said, well my father couldn't afford that much. So I love Bob. You, I just love the guy.

4 (42m 53s):
Did you ever meet Johnny Carson?

17 (42m 57s):
I met him very briefly at a restaurant. I was never on his show. No. Would've loved it at that point. But I know that, you know, our, our good buddy Bob Costas, one of his, the things that he wanted to do before his career was over to get on the Carson Show. And I think he did that last week. But no, I just met him once in a restaurant. End of story,

4 (43m 18s):
All. right? Lemme set up the premise because we thought of you the most greatest player in sports history. So we, we created, you know, a new phrase here, the most greatest players. 'cause we were talking about Wayne Gretzky. You know, when you look at dominance in your sport, eight heart trophies. I mean, what he did is, is ruthann in his sport. But if you were gonna give me your top five most greatest players in sports history, you know, depending on whatever sport you wanna pick.

17 (43m 50s):
Well, you know, I, it is funny because ESPN at the end of the 20th century, 1999, they did the 30 for 30 and they picked the top hundred athletes of the 20th century. And I was on a panel and I, he had to pick them one through a hundred. It was hard because, you know, there were so many, I actually went with Jim Thorpe because no, there was no television start of the century. Multiple Olympic medalists, old medalists, played professional baseball, played professional football. But you know, pre television age radio was still in its infancy. But you're right about now you mentioned the, the two people who I thought about too, babe Ruth, who of course would, you know, one year, I think 1921, he had 59 home runs to lead the league.

17 (44m 33s):
The next guy hit something like 24. So it was, you know, we pretty much like Gretzky Wayne was the same way. You know, Wayne would lead the lead in goals by a margin of two and a half to one. So I put, you know, Wayne in there, Ruth, certainly now you get to basketball and somebody, you know, I, look, I go back when I'm in high school, I saw Elgin Baylor play, Elgin Baylor was Michael Jordan before Michael Jordan used. The game was played so differently at that point. So you had Michael, I love, you know, living in la I saw a ton of Kobe and I mean, I gotta put Kobe right up there next to Michael. You can argue that till, you know, till your death as to who was the better guy, for the most part would say Michael.

17 (45m 15s):
But they were both off the charts fantastic. I think for football. There were so many great quarterbacks. But I, for my football player, believe it or not, I I put in Jerry Rice because Rice did that same thing to the record book that Gretzky and Ruth did. He was so much better than everybody at that particular time. And as while we're on the subject of Gretzky, I have to say something to you, Dan, because you know, a lot of people obviously don't follow hockey. But as a hockey maniac, Connor McDavid of the Edmonton Oilers, without question, the best player I've seen since Wayne, and I know it's heresy to say, is he better than Wayne? Wow. But I ran into Grant er, who was the goalie on those Edmonton teams in the 80, so he would know.

17 (46m 1s):
And I said to Grant, I said, grant, I said, it's heresy. Is McDavid better than Gretzky? He had a great answer. He said, not yet. Oh wow. He said, he said Wayne made everybody around him better. But McDavid is, I, I love, you know, I, I watch Edmonton like, you know, on the NHL plus, whatever it is, network just to see him play. Anyway, so there you would have me, and then if you're only talking about teams, you know, you're eliminating like boxers. I think Muhammad Ali actually won that thing. By the way, if I, if a memory serves,

4 (46m 37s):
No, Jordan won it.

17 (46m 39s):
Did Jordan win it? If and where, where did that leave finish? She had to finish in the top three or so

4 (46m 44s):
I, I would say I think Secretariat was up there.

17 (46m 47s):
Wow. Yes.

4 (46m 49s):
And I forgot that all, all people were so upset because I hosted that I, each week I'd reveal, you know, who was number 17? And I remember when we revealed that Secretariat was one of the top 50 athletes of all time. Oh, people went through the roof. Paul, you have the top five.

8 (47m 6s):
Yeah, the top five ESPN's greatest North American athletes. Michael Jordan, babe Ruth, Muhammad Ali, Jim Brown, Wayne Gretzky, then it goes to Jesse Owens, Jim Thorpe, et cetera.

4 (47m 17s):
I would put Jackie Robinson there. I think Jackie is the greatest athlete of all time for this reason. I, I'm gonna add importance there. What he went through to do what he was doing, baseball wasn't his best sport. He could have played football. He played football at, at UCLA ran track, right? So he was also a basketball player at UCLA. So if I look at all four sports that he might have been able to play professionally, and by the way you played in baseball, you broke the color barrier, you had teammates who didn't even want you on the field at that time and you became a hall of famer.

17 (47m 52s):
Yeah, I mean, a again, there's no question as to the importance of Jackie Robinson and what he meant, but again, you go into this bar room argument, and by the way, why is it, why is it called a bar room? You ever stand, I'm interested in the bar room. You ever meet you in the bar room, right? We wanna meet you in the bar. Right? Yeah. I always love that phrase, bar room argument.

4 (48m 13s):
And it's a barroom brawl.

17 (48m 15s):
It's a bar, it's a barroom brawl, right? Yes. Separate bar brawl. Yeah. Where did that start? Yeah, I mean in terms of significance and what he's meant to sports and what he meant to, you know, sports intertwined with society and, and, and a lot of everything else, you know, Robinson is there, but then again, you know, somebody's gotta be number one. So pick your number one and you know, Jordan's a good answer.

4 (48m 40s):
Yeah, I remember we were trying to get him to do an interview, and this is right up to the very end. We're trying to get Jordan to sit down and do an interview. They wanna put together his, his moment. And Mike didn't wanna do it. And I remember at the time Tim Duncan was playing in the NBA finals and he wanted to know who was gonna be the number one person. He gets done, he just beat the Knicks. He comes into the interview room because I said, look, if you win the NBA title, I'll tell you, he gets, he just won the title. He walks in, he goes, who's number one? And I go, well, you guys are, he goes, no, who's number one? And I said, Michael Jordan.

4 (49m 21s):
And then he goes, okay. Like that. For some reason he really wanted to know. But I, you know, Mike doesn't like reflecting back. He doesn't do a lot of these interviews. I mean, he did the last dance and I think the last dance felt like it was a, a reminder to those who think LeBron or Kobe, these other modern day players are on his level. I think that's part of the reason why he did that documentary.

17 (49m 48s):
Yeah, I, I agree with you. And I, I think he knew at that point because I mean, nobody really knew that they were doing that. And they, they're behind the scenes footage. Footage and the audio was, you, you, you watched it and went, wow, where'd they get that? How'd they do that? So he, he knew what he had in mind for maybe his legacy. But you're right, he did, he did very few interviews, as did Kobe. Kobe didn't do that many interviews either during that period of time. So they were very selective.

4 (50m 19s):
You Sal Michael was the hall of famer. Do you remember your first NFL game that you called?

17 (50m 24s):
I certainly do. So I'm doing the Cincinnati Reds during the baseball season. And then NBC called me in 1971 my first year at Cincinnati and said, can you do a regional NFL game on October 3rd, 1971? We want you to go to Minnesota and do Buffalo against Minnesota. And, and, and in those years the, the home team was blacked out. So it wasn't even shown in Minneapolis, it only went to Buffalo. It's during the baseball playoffs, which was why I got the job as Kurt Gowdy and Jim Simpson were doing the playoffs that that year. So Ev, Jay Randolph moved to number one and I came in to do the last game.

17 (51m 6s):
So not only does it only go to Buffalo, it doesn't even go to the regular NBC station. It goes to a UHF station. Oh wow. In Buffalo. So Minnesota wins the game 19 to nothing. Bud Grant was the coach and in that game, OJ Simpson was the running back and Al Cowlings was the defensive lineman in that game. You can look it up. Yeah. So that's how I broke in. And then two weeks later I did the buffalo at the Jets, the Chase Stadium, same kind of thing. New York is blacked out. It's during the baseball postseason. So I go all the way back to, to 1971 doing my first NFL game.

4 (51m 47s):
Toughest sport or how about the easiest sport to do play Byplay

17 (51m 52s):
The easiest? Well, I built my career around baseball, so it was so comfortable. And it's a different, it's a different sport to do, obviously you have some time. It's more relaxing and all, all, you know. So I mean, baseball was easy for me. And then a ton of football, you know, I've done 900 NFL games now and probably a couple hundred college games. So, you know, I I I get how to do football. Hockey is the hardest. Without question, hockey on radio is the hardest because if you're in your car, you can picture a baseball game. This team's at back, this team's in the field, in football, this team has the ball, this team is on defense.

17 (52m 34s):
Then basketball, even though a lot of turnovers, you know, who has the ball in hockey, the change of possession is so quick and so rapid. And people, you know, you don't get to see, like if you have, you're a fan of the Rangers, but they're playing Winnipeg, you know, you, you know who your guys are, you have no idea who the other guys are. So I think, you know, guys who do hockey on radio very well have a, a great deal of respect for me because I think it's the toughest.

4 (53m 4s):
How's your eyesight?

17 (53m 7s):
My eyesight is pretty, pretty good. I wear a daily contact lens in my right eye. But you

4 (53m 12s):
Have to have good eyesight to, to do play by play, don't you?

17 (53m 17s):
You do. Oh, for sure. But again, these days, the coverage is so great that I think very often you're calling the game off the monitor because you can see the game a lot better off the monitor than you can if you're sitting, you know, high up. I mean, some of the broadcast vantage points are great, like Kansas City, even New York, you're kind of like right over the field and you feel like you're right there. And then you get to other places where you are like in the top of the upper deck. I remember Candlestick Park when the 49 ERs played there, the football broadcast booth was so high. I once said I couldn't resist my, I said, we, you're actually looking down on the blimp.

17 (54m 1s):
I mean, it was ridiculous. So you had to call the game off the monitor in, in those years, you know, I, I try to, you try to do it both ways. I try to, you know, watch how they're lined up with my make naked eye, see how the play begins. Then you go to the monitor because you're gonna see it a lot better off the monitor.

4 (54m 19s):
Yeah. I, I always admired what Doc Emrich did to, to tremendous, but to do it on TV where it's so fast paced, but you don't have to describe all the action because you want to be fair to the audience that you don't say everything that you see, but when, right. It comes to radio and that's the tricky part of, you can see it. I don't have to say it, but what am I going to say to kind of compliment what you're watching? How difficult was that for you at any time?

17 (54m 49s):
Yeah. Well I, you know, I didn't do that much hockey, but, you know.

4 (54m 52s):
Well, any, any sport though, like, you're, you, we get to see and you, you assume your audience is knowledgeable and then how much do you tell them what they're actually seeing?

17 (55m 4s):
Well, first of all, I mean there's, there's a difference between announcing a football game on television and on radio. On radio you need to use every verb. Nobody can sing anything on television. I talk about very often using captions and ellipses. You see the play, you don't have to necessarily use the verb because the verb becomes a visual to the fan. So in football and base, same thing. Basically in baseball and roughly the same in basketball. Hockey is a different animal because in hockey, you know, and Doc Emrich had it down perfectly. He almost did a radio call on television.

17 (55m 44s):
Not exactly, but you know, you want to keep up with the pace. The pace of the game is so fast and back and forth and change of possession almost scoring. So it's hockey would be the closest to combining radio and television. The other sports are vastly different.

4 (55m 60s):
Would you rather be great or entertaining?

17 (56m 3s):
Well, I think, I think they go hand in hand, Dan. I really

4 (56m 8s):
Do. Well, let, let's say you could be Vince Carter.

17 (56m 11s):
Yep.

4 (56m 11s):
Or Tim Duncan.

17 (56m 16s):
Good question. Hmm. I'd like to be a hybrid.

4 (56m 24s):
That's not an answer

17 (56m 25s):
Al No. Who had, well, who had the better career. I mean, Tim Yeah, for sure. No question about it. And it's funny because, you know, who reminded me of Tim, Pete RAs, and I remember once after Pete retired, and you know, Pete lives out here and I played a lot of golf and through the years and I, we were walking down the fairway at one point, you know, a couple years after we retired. And he was a little worried about becoming not as relevant in retirement. And I said to him, you remind me of Tim Duncan. I think you'll only be appreciated to the fullest extent after you're gone. And they were the same kind of people, right?

17 (57m 8s):
Not necessarily gregarious, obviously, or entertaining, but tremendous, tremendous. You

4 (57m 13s):
Didn't answer the question Al you didn't answer the question.

17 (57m 17s):
Vince Carter Duncan, what can I tell you? Yeah. Dunkin won championships and all that. Vince was, you know, Vince was great to watch, but, you know, dunking, I mean that what, what are you playing the game for? You're playing the game to win the game. And, you know, look, look at Dunkin's record. Unbelievable. Great

4 (57m 34s):
To talk to you. So I hopefully we didn't, you know, slow down your golf game today. Listen,

17 (57m 40s):
I have to tell you one thing. The last golf tip you gave me, Johnny,

4 (57m 43s):
First one, Johnny Miller.

17 (57m 45s):
Johnny Miller. Johnny Miller. So it worked for about three holes. But Dan, the problem right now is when I try to put that in my head, what I do is I go, Johnny Miller. Johnny Miller,

4 (58m 4s):
Down your swing.

17 (58m 5s):
Yes. Johnny Miller. I know. It's like,

4 (58m 10s):
Thank you. Al All. right? Great to talk to you buddy.

17 (58m 13s):
Yeah, I'll be good. Thank

4 (58m 15s):
You. That's, that's Al Michael's.

Monopoly Go (58m 17s):
Well, it's halftime and the scoreboard's not looking good. You're feeling low, you're not sure you can pull out the win. But that's when you dig deep, lift your head up, you say to yourself, time to get back in the game. Pull off some bang. Hes, take as much of your friend's money as you possibly can See. And that's right. The smash hit mobile game monopoly go lets you compete with your friends to get the most riches and the biggest empire. It's the monopoly you love. But on your phone anytime with tons of new twists, including leaderboards to compare your progress to your buddies, there's so much to do. Yeah. You could play countless dynamic monopoly boards. You can make your friends bankrupt by smashing their landmarks with a wrecking ball. That's new. I don't remember that from the old Monopoly game, but it sounds awesome. And you can charge players rent for your iconic properties. Great. You can even work with your friends to crack open community chess and in tournaments to get extra rewards and climber leaderboard I'm in. For sure. So Get out there, put on your game face download monopoly. Go right now for free at the App store or Google Play. Let's go.

Toyota (59m 18s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff You Missed in History class. When you drive a Toyota Camry, you arrive in style with features like available all-wheel drive, plus the reliability of Toyota Safety Sense. It's no wonder Camry is the bestselling car at America for over 20 years. Or check out a Corolla sedan, hybrid or hatchback. No matter your lifestyle, there's a Corolla for you and your Toyota dealer is getting new vehicles in stock almost every day. So don't wait. Find deals on a Camry or corolla@buyatoyota.com. Toyota. Let's go places.

UC San Diego (59m 49s):
What's out there is unknown. So at uc, San Diego, out we go. Because to take on the challenges of the here and now, you gotta get your feet wet, your eyes open, and your mind out there, way out there turning the unknown into cures, culture, and connections with each step forward. So pack a bag, a notebook, and some sandals, and get ready to look far and think further. uc San Diego. Learn more@ucsd.edu.