0 (2s):
Coming up three NBA teams in trouble. Surprisingly, the Knicks are not one of them. Next,

1 (8s):
Here's Dave. That's me. His living room has a shrine dedicated to LeBron complete with a life-sized cutout. Morning LeBron. He hasn't washed his Lakers jersey ever since Shaq touched it. Ah, can you smell that? Free throws. And he knows exactly how many titles the Lakers have won. 17. It's 17. Oh, impressive.

Sportsbet (24s):
And so sports bets NBA. Same game multi. Combine all your favorite NBA markets in one bet for bigger odds with sports bet conditions apply. Chances are you're about to lose. For free and confidential support. Visit gambling help online.org au

0 (38s):
Us are brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network. We have an awesome four day college basketball extravaganza starting Friday night with Women's Final Four. Hey Frazier, covering all of it on one Shiny podcast with j Kyle Mann iffy. Kyle Sneaks in there as well. So hope you're checking out that podcast. Hope you're checking out The Ringer Wrestling Show because we have a two day WrestleMania this weekend as well. Yeah, that's happening too. So it is an awesome weekend. Plus all the basketball stuff, all the seeds that are in play. I'm gonna be doing some sort of women's boost with FanDuel. Stay tuned on my Twitter because they usually tell me what they can do and then we do it the day of.

0 (1m 18s):
So stay tuned for that. Stay tuned for the next re watchable is coming Monday night. We're doing War of the Roses for Rock Bottom month. Bet you weren't expecting that choice. Yeah, war of the Roses. It's a good one. Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner, one of the great marriage movies. One of the great marriage Gone Wrong movies, maybe The Marriage Gone Wrong Movie. Anyway, that is happening Monday night. Eventually they'll be able to watch it on youtube.com/ Bill Simmons where I post stuff from the re watchable from this podcast. Shorter videos, longer videos, some walk and talks and you can check it out. Okay, Coming up. I'm gonna do something at the top about three NBA teams in trouble plus the digs trade and what it means not just for Buffalo but for the wide receiver mini Pyramid.

0 (2m 4s):
So we're gonna hit that at the top. And then I wanna talk about the Ns because Julius Randall got knocked out for the season officially today, although they did win after we taped the segment that we did with Howard Beck and Sean Fantasy. And then the next one. So maybe we jinxed a win out of it, but we wanna see what's going on with the Knicks. Where's this going long term. And then Sean left and Howard stayed and we talked about a bunch of NBA stuff. So that's podcast tonight. It's a good one. First our friends from pro.

3 (2m 55s):
All

0 (2m 55s):
Right, I'm gonna open up a six pack here on Thursday night. We do three basketball and three football. We'll start with basketball. I noticed tonight there were some really good NBA games tonight. I was watching all of them at the same time and I realized that there are three NBA teams that are in trouble as we headed to the final 10 days of the season. And ironically all of them played tonight. First one, man, I hesitate doing this. I know what it means. As You know, nobody is more afraid of the Michael Myers Miami Heat than I am. They're hitting, are we sure they're a good territory for me, especially watching tonight, a game that felt super winnable for them against Philly against they're still trying to work and beat in and it just, it just felt like one of those games Miami was gonna steal in the last two minutes.

0 (3m 42s):
And you're like, there they go again. They did it. Well they didn't steal it. They're eight and eight in their last 16, their 12th in net rating. If you look at some of their offensive stats, the of offense is the thing I really wanna hit here because their 19th and three points made three pointers made. They're 13 in free throw attempts, their 20th in assists per game. Their 21st in offensive rating, their 24th in rebounding. There's just a lot of evidence now in full season that this team is not very good offensively. And then you look at Butler who last year he had 24 games where he scored more than 25 points. This year he has 13 games where he scored more than 25 points out, 53.

0 (4m 25s):
He's just not as explosive as he was in previous years. And the thing that we've learned with Miami is like up, they're playing possum don't trust them. They have this other gear. They had this on off button. I'm not really sure what the on off button is for them because first of all, they, they're, they're 18 and 25 now against above 500 teams, which is the worst record of anyone in the top eight in either conference. And if you just look at the, the talent they have, bam, Butler, Duncan, Robinson, ro, Caleb Barton, love, Highsmith, Jovic, and then Hero when he comes back all of a sudden there's like an incredible amount of pressure on Hero to be the three point shooter slash score creator that this team really kind of desperately needs.

0 (5m 9s):
But we haven't seen 'em forever and they're just gonna throw 'em back right before the playoffs start. I don't know, I, I don't think they're in a great spot, especially like if they fall into that seven, eight And, they have to play Philadelphia and then if they end up in the one eight versus Boston potentially And, they'll say, oh, we played great against Boston. This is a different Boston team. They have way more size than they did in previous years. They've been You know statistically one of the seven or eight best regular season teams of all time. And I just wonder if Miami is coasting here on reputation. We see this happen in football all the time where there's this football team. We're like, oh no, no, they've done every year. They're here every, like we did this last year with the chiefs, right? Missouri said, no, no, we're waiting.

0 (5m 50s):
The infrastructure, the infrastructure, the difference is the heat have never won a title and they've made the finals twice in four years. And maybe that's the ceiling of this group. I'm still afraid of them. I still feel like they're the Michael Myers heat. But sometimes you are who you are and the league is really good now and maybe the version of the heat from the last few years when you put them in this Year's League, they don't have that extra step that can go up er probably better than last year's guards hero A wrinkle they didn't have in the playoffs. But man, you look, you go back, just go back on basketball reference and just look at Jimmy's games against Milwaukee. And maybe that was just You know a Black Swan event.

0 (6m 31s):
So anyway, Miami I think, I think they're in a little bit of trouble. I think we can officially say it. And now I know that I'm gonna be, have my voice cut into all kinds of hype videos for Miami. Great. Next team Sacramento. I am way more sure about this Sacramento actually for if you, if you go to the 18 playoff teams, they have to be probably closer to the Chicago Atlanta level than anybody else. They lost herder for the year who wasn't even playing that good. But is at least somebody that they know can, you can trust a little bit in big games they lost Malik Monk at least through round one. And this is the one you really feel when you watch 'em.

0 (7m 12s):
They're basically Fox and Saboni and a bunch of guys. There's nobody special on this team other than those two. And if you go through the team that they have now, they're three through nine guys are in the running for worst three through nine crew out of anybody who's gonna be in the playoffs post all Star raid in their 25th, it looks like they're gonna fall to the ninth seed, which would put them against their nemesis Golden State. The team that they haven't been able to beat for a million years. And by the way, this is a huge break for Golden State. Golden State gets pushed by Houston. They, they fight it off. They beat them tonight, they killed them. So they finally killed that little demon that was over their shoulder and now they're gonna play nine 10 And.

0 (7m 55s):
They thought it was gonna be the Lakers, but the Lakers are now moving up the ladder and thank God because I'm gonna hit my FanDuel boost for the four straight time dating back to 2022 in football and basketball. Thank you, congratulations to me. But it's gonna be Golden State, Sacramento. And then the hope for them would be that Los Angeles would beat New Orleans and the path to go and state to actually make the playoffs would be, can we win in Sacramento and can we win in New Orleans? The way that team's playing with how Wiggins has come back and all of a sudden looks invigorated again with the new rules that I think have really helped Draymond. There's no question Draymond has been unleashed with the new rules. It's like if they, if they put hitting over the middle back in the NFL, there would be certain safeties that would be really helped.

0 (8m 37s):
The question for me is can they get Steph Fresh for those two playing games and like they're playing Dallas on Friday night. You know. We'll see they, they have such a big lead now with the 10 seed, maybe they can rest Steph a couple times before they get to the playing games. But how much can they get from him anyway? I think Sacramento is the worst West team out of the 10. And if it was them versus Houston for the 10 seed, I don't even know who I would taken that one. I think I would. Sacramento is a cross off to me. So sorry, I'm gonna un light the beam. And then my third team that's in trouble just actually had a big win tonight against Denver at home, which if you really unpeeled it You know it was a nice win but I wouldn't be telling my grandkids about it.

0 (9m 21s):
The Clippers before tonight, before they beat Denver by two, they were 13 and 13 in their last 26 games. They were 19th in net rating minus 2.1 28th in defensive rating over that time. And if you've listened to any basketball podcast over the last couple weeks, everybody's been talking about the same thing. What the hell happened in this team? Are they packing And? they showed tlu TLU did an interview today and I swear his hair has turned Weight Obama's second term style just over the last like two months. But they stopped playing defense for just long, long stretches of the Post all-Star break today. They were actually flying around a little bit, especially in the fourth quarter. But Harden has not been the same with the new rules.

0 (10m 2s):
He is really not been the same the last couple months Itest wise, it's all the James Harden stuff you worried about when they made the trade. I'm the guy who did the YouTube clip called the Clippers are dumb after they traded for James Harden and then I felt like an idiot because they were probably the third best team in the league for about six weeks there. But they've fallen back to the pack and I know again, I get it, they won tonight. They barely beat Denver without Jamal Marie. There was multiple, multiple calls that went against the Nuggets. So the point that their coach was like, I know this is a national TV game, I know we're fighting for a number one seed but I'm gonna get kicked out anyway because these referees are so bad. So that happened Aaron Gordon, right when the Nuggets, it felt like they were gonna the tie the game.

0 (10m 47s):
He does a Euro step and just collapses and falls out bounds. They miss free throws. Zoo bots hit six straight free throws outta nowhere. The Clippers, every time it felt like they were gonna get a dagger shot, they didn't get it and the Nuggets had the ball at the end there. Coach forgets to call Timeout, they lose three seconds. Yoic misses a buzz beat at the end of the game. It was one of those, we pulled it out, wins for the Clippers, but it didn't really change how I feel about where they are and where they are is here. I think they're gonna be the five seed right now. They have a game and a half lead over Dallas with six games to play. But Dallas is on an absolute tear and they're playing Golden State on Friday. My guess is Golden State's gonna rest some guys 'cause they have the, the, the 10 seed pretty much locked up at this point.

0 (11m 30s):
So it's gonna be Dallas versus the Clippers and the way Luca's playing versus the way the Clippers are playing. Luca's definitely gone up and he is already been great but he is now the second best player in the league and I just don't see the Clippers beating them in a series the way they're playing, the way they're playing defense, I don't see it. So yeah, they won tonight but long term I just don't like what I've seen in the last two months. They've looked lethargic to me. I don't love their home court advantage to begin with and their arrow is pointed down so I would have them as my third team that's in trouble and You know if it's gonna be Clippers Dallas in the four or five with the winner getting Denver.

0 (12m 17s):
Denver's gonna be rooting for the Clippers. I know the Clippers beat them tonight but I think Denver's gonna be rooting to see them because I think that is a nice matchup for them when Mario comes back. Anyway, those are my three maybe I'm still in it with my, the Clippers are dumb YouTube clip. I was like at one point probably in February, like 10 to one odds that was gonna make me look like a fool, but now it's probably down to like plus one 40 on fan. Anyway, we're gonna take a quick break and then come back with the NFL part of the six pack right after this.

FanDuel (12m 48s):
FanDuel is putting the ball on your court for the rest of the NBA season. Right now new customers get $200 in bonus bets with any winning $5 bet that is $200. If your bet wins. For instance, maybe you decided over the last couple days that the Warriors are actually gonna make the playoffs, not just the playing game. The playoffs Sacramento's dropping a nine. Probably Warriors could beat them. Maybe they beat the the loser of Lakers versus whoever in the seven eight. All of a sudden there they're the warriors in the playoffs. What are the odds? Look Friday morning, go check that out. Bet on the NBA with a wide range of bet types including quick bets live same game parlays player props and more. And by the way, the weight is over. North Carolina FanDuel officially live in the Tarheel state. So visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. Make first bet of layup FanDuel official sports book partner of the NBA You must be 21 plus in president select states game problem. Call 100 GAMBLER visit rg help.com. First online real money wage only $10 first deposit required bonus issued as doable Bonus beds that expire seven days after Receipt Sea terms at sportsbook FanDuel com.

4 (13m 55s):
Jonesy, you ever run a marathon? No, mate, eh? Thought you'd never ask. I didn't. Yeah, so I've run the Bay mile, the Great Ocean Cup, the North mile down south North, down south, exactly. Then the East Sprint out west the Titanic in 15. But that was mostly underwater. What

Sportsbet (14m 10s):
For those who like to keep track, try sports bets. NBA same game multi tracker. Track your multi live all in one place with sports bet conditions Apply. Chances are you're about to lose for freeing confidential support. Visit gambling help online.org au.

0 (14m 25s):
All right, flipping a football for the last three things on the six pack before we get to the digs trade my number four in the six pack. Robert Sala, I mentioned this the other day on a pod and I just wanted to dive into this for a second because the Jets made that has on Reddit trade and they're all in, but they're not all in because Robert Sala is still their head coach. I went and I looked this up as You know, I called him seven Kid Solid during the season because he has seven kids and I wouldn't trust somebody with seven kids to I. don, I'm trying to think how high of a level I'd wanna go in sports. Could you do junior college? They have three I.

0 (15m 6s):
don Dunno, IJI just seven kids is a lot. I could barely handle two. Anyway, they're P committed, they're all in. Rabbit Saw is 18 and 33 in his career. He's got a 3 53 winning percentage. And I, I said to myself that seems low looked it up on pro football reference. There are 201 coaches that qualified that had to have coached at least 50 games and qualified from a win percentage standpoint to pop up on whatever thing I searched Robert Sala is 180 2. There's only 19 coaches in the history of the league with a lower winning percentage than him.

0 (15m 47s):
I'm just gonna read you the names, you tell me if any of them sound awesome. Dan Henning, Dennis Allen, the Saints coach. Yeah, yeah, he watched the Saints last couple years. Not great. John McKay, the only person in this group to win playoff games. Mike Nolan, the guy in the Niners who used to, he tried to bring back the suits And. they were like cool, you're fired. Bill McPeak can't remember him. Harlan Spar who coached for seven years. I honestly don't know who that was. Darrell Rogers who coached in the eighties. He was terrible. Marion Campbell, Joe Bugle 24 and 56. Dave McGinnis, pat Shermer, Jimmy Lan, the Immortal, David Shula, Don Shula's son.

0 (16m 29s):
This is my favorite. Usually we only have nepotism with NFL owners and NFL GMs. We actually had it with an NFL coach, David Shula. And he finished 14, 19 and 52. Gus Bradley, Steve Spagnolo is the third worst head coach of all time. Over 50 games, 11 and 41. And then it gets really great. Number 200 Hugh Jackson, he was 11 and 44 with one tie A2, five winning percentage. And then last but not least, Burt Bell, who in the late thirties and early forties went 10 46 and two. So that's company Roberts is in right now. And I bring this up because if you're in winnow mode, just bring in Mike Vrabel right now.

0 (17m 10s):
You're in winnow mode. You just traded your second round pick in a year to get a pass rusher. You've got Rogers you traded picks for him. You have the 10th pick in the drafter. And when is there a person on the earth who doesn't think Mike Vrabel is a better coach than Roberts? Is there a person on the earth? Does he exist? So if you're gonna win now, why not get the best possible coach? I'm not saying they should hire a Belichick, although that wouldn't be a bad idea either, but I just can't believe he's they're gonna be win now. Win now win now. Oh and here's Robert Sala, our head coach. Oh and here's Nat Hackett, our offensive coordinator. Win now. No thanks. All right. The digs trade.

0 (17m 51s):
So I did a lot of stuff on this. This is the classic, it's time for you to go trade where they didn't care that his dead cap for for this year was 31 million, even though his figure would've been 34.3. So they basically saved 3.3 million on the cap just to get rid of them. They got a second round pick in a year. They had to put in a couple lower round picks in the trade And, they do the trade and everybody immediately thinks they're way worse. And their odds on FanDuel for the AFCs was plus one 15 jumped to plus one 60 because they traded digs And You know I watch football all the time, I watch it every Sunday.

0 (18m 34s):
I talk about it with Sal on Sundays. I talk about on this podcast on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I didn't think digs was very good last year. And in fact I went and looked it up in the last eight regular season games. 37 catches for 3 49 yards in eight games. So he didn't even average 45 yards a a game. One TD over his last eight regular season games in the playoffs. 10 catches for 73 yards. That's pretty good for one game. Unfortunately that was two playoff games, no touchdowns and I just don't think he was impactful at all. And what was really happening was in the second half of the season, the team kind of moved over to James Cook and he became one of the three or four best running backs in the league.

0 (19m 15s):
And all of a sudden it was Kincaid and James Cook and You know Alan was spreading around. Alan using his legs And, they changed their identity a little bit. And, they didn't really miss digs that much, although I think they missed them a little bit in the KC game. So when I see trades like this and I see the reaction and the initial reaction is, oh my God, they traded Stefan Diggs, they're gonna be way worse. He is who? Who are Josh Allen's weapons? It's like, are they gonna be worse? It's usually I'm on the other side with Buffalo where I'm always like, wait, they're not, I don't think they're as good as people are talking about now. Buffalo's defense is worse. They lost some guys, they lost guys all over the place.

0 (19m 55s):
Their offense is gonna be a little more bullpen by committee ish, a little cheapish. But I still really like Cook and I still really like Kincaid and I'm just not sure that Diggs was as good as people seem to think he was. His last six playoff games over three years hit 27 catches for 2 89 yards. This is six games over three years. Zero touchdowns. He gets mentioned in like You know. People seem to think he is like a Tyreek or You know like a CD lamb and he is just not. And and and just, I don't see it like fine if you're Houston, you got stra on a rookie deal, you're adding weight now you have three above average receivers.

0 (20m 36s):
Makes total sense. You're kind of all in for this year and next year. And I didn't think they gave up a ton. You're either getting him or t agans. But for Buffalo I'm just not ready to cross off Buffalo yet. Especially Miami's gonna be worse. And they're about to do the all time, oh no contract with Tua. the Jets we just talked about Sala Rogers coming off of torn Achilles. They're the Jets and then the Pats clearly are doing nothing this year. So I I, to me the the, the division still runs through Josh Allen and and Buffalo, which leads me to my wide receiver Pyramid. I was trying to figure out in my head, digs was not a top 15 receiver anymore, but I wanted to lay it out and I've been doing these mini pyramids.

0 (21m 20s):
I did one on on Sunday with worst owners with Silla. I did one on Monday on the re watchable prison movies. That was a fun one. So my mini Pyramid for this one, I'm gonna bring in Steve Erdi and if you're watching this on YouTube, you notice headphones magically popped on my head right as I said I'm gonna bring in Steve Erdi, I sent you my wide receiver mini Pyramid and the exercise was, where's digs on this? Right? So I had Jefferson, if we're gonna go top level is one, one player. Second level is two players, third level is three players. And on that's supposed to look like a Pyramid. I had Justin Jefferson as my number one receiver. I had him at the top of the Pyramid.

0 (22m 0s):
Some people I I, I floated this to a bunch of different people and some people were like, why not Tyreek? And I do think Tyreek's the most impactful receiver we have, but he had a couple weird games last year where like he was hurt then he'd come back, then he'd go out again, then he'd come back and it's like I just dunno what I'm getting from that guy sometimes. Whereas Jefferson, I just think like if he's on the field and he has a decent qb, he's putting up giant numbers. Who would you have put first?

5 (22m 24s):
Jefferson, I, it's the injury thing with Tyreek and yeah like Tyreek's probably the scariest weapon in the league. Yeah. But if you're just saying like fantasy draft, like I could have one receiver to like pair with my young quarterback or whatever quarterback I have to make him better. Jefferson just does everything. And he was a little dinged up this year, so maybe that takes some shot off of him. But I, I just think Jefferson's like the prototype of what you're looking for, the position. Whereas Tyreek is more of a You know, a generational like oh my God, like what do I do with this guy? And You know you have to fit him into whatever you're doing. And obviously the two teams that he's been on have done that. But Jeff to me Jefferson, I'm taking him one. And Tyre's definitely too.

0 (22m 59s):
He's Jefferson's also way younger. Tyreek it's like how many more years at this level are we gonna get from him? I have Tyreek as too. So the second level, Jefferson top level Tyreek and CD Lamb, I think it's those three guys in some order as the top three CD Lamb to me is like the guaranteed number three. You're good with that, right?

5 (23m 19s):
I am. I try to talk myself into, I love Jamar Chase. Yeah. And it was a weird season just because You know of the quarter boroughs out and he still put up decent numbers with You know with Browning. But Lamb had such a stupid season. Like he had the numbers he put up and he was just always wide open for the Cowboys that I think it surprised me a little bit. Like I always thought he was really good but he was genuinely an elite top You know you having third here. So I don't have an issue with that. I think different seasons you could say. Yeah maybe Jamar Chase comes back next year and its, it's better. But I have no issue with lamb at three

0 (23m 48s):
Third level Chase number four, Saint Brown. And then I put Devonte Adams as the, as the third guy. So the sixth guy overall on this third level because even though I didn't love the year he had last year, I think his quarterback situation the last couple years has been abysmal. And I still wonder like what, just give that guy like a decent quarterback, what kind of stats we put up. So I just, to me it's Chase St. Brown and Devonte Adams 4, 5, 6 here.

5 (24m 17s):
Yeah, I St Brown is again like over the middle. All the stuff that he does for golf. He's just like the perfect safety blanket for a guy. Yeah, for a quarterback. I You have AJ Brown in the next tier just down. I actually, I would put AJ Brown on this tier. I know he like

0 (24m 32s):
So you put him over Adams? I thought about it. I ha I switched it back and forth. Would you put him over Adams or St. Brown?

5 (24m 39s):
I think he and St. Brown are like the same guy. I think they're both awesome. So like don don't know that I'd wanna rank one above like yes St. Brown had a better year last year. Team did better. Spotlight was a bit more, but like, and, and AJ Brown saw a good year last year but not his greatest year. And so maybe that's, you're docking 'em a little bit there but I just, I just think those guys are so close that I have to put them right next to each other. If I have to knock one guide down

0 (24m 60s):
Down I don. I don't, it's a Pyramid. I I can't put four guys on level three. I can, you're asking

5 (25m 4s):
Me to put, you're asking me to put Devonte Adams? I,

0 (25m 8s):
Hmm. I think I would, you might

5 (25m 9s):
Talk me into this. I think I would.

0 (25m 11s):
So I put AJ Brown seventh as the first guy in the fourth level just because of some of the, some of the whispers about the chemistry on that team last year and, and I just, something unseemly about whether he wanted the ball at the time or there was some diva stuff with him that I didn't, I didn't know how to to process. So that was it. I think talent wise is in the top five. You could tell me we could flip him anyways. He is the first guy in this. Mike Evans. I have Puka, we could argue about that in a second. Garrett Wilson and Iuk. So no Deebo on this, on this fourth level Puka ISS probably the one 'cause he is only done it for one year. But I think You know, first of all he was incredible in the playoff game, which really matters to me.

0 (25m 54s):
But also like his blocking's unbelievable. I mean he is probably the best blocker of all of these dudes except maybe Deebo and don don't know that that pushed over the top Garrett Wilson we've never seen with a good quarterback and I feel like he's gonna be awesome at some point. You're shaking your head

5 (26m 11s):
No, I, I love him. And it's, it's funny like when you put this ranking together, it's like you have to kind of great on a curve guys who have like really good quarterback play versus guys who play with duds and Right. He's had zero help throughout his entire career and he and I still watch Jets games and he just, he just stands out of the tape. The guy's just an insane athlete catches everything and just does the most with the absolute least like next year if Rogers is healthy, like I think there's a chance that Garrett Wilson will be closer to five than he is 10. Like I think he's that talented and that good. Obviously you can't put him there now. I mean there's a couple guys lower on the list that we'll get to in a second, but some of the guys that just don't have quarterback play, it's hard to judge them because their stats aren't gonna be the same. But if you put them on a chiefs team, a Rams team, a Lions team, I think they'd probably put up the same or maybe better stats than some of the guys we have here.

0 (26m 56s):
Yeah, so Larry Fitzgerald corollary like that five years when Larry Fitzgerald just had no quarterbacks at all and we just felt bad for him every year. But you, you knew he was still awesome but the stats didn't reflected Kevin call.

5 (27m 9s):
Yeah,

0 (27m 10s):
You could have talked me Nagar Wilson in the sixth spot instead of Devonte Adams. 'cause I think he's that talented, but the fact that he's never done it, I think he had to get docked on that. So then the other big con, the big controversial one for me just trying to figure this out was putting IU over Deebo. 'cause I think most people feel like Deebo iss a better player. But for me there's a durability piece with Deebo only, mainly not his fault. 'cause the way the Niners use him, he just gets crushed like five times a season. But I really value iu like when his name was getting floated around as a possible trade guy and maybe they can't afford him and maybe they're gonna do to him what they did with, with Buckner that when they traded Buckner And they drafted his replacement basically.

0 (27m 50s):
Maybe they'll do that with iu. I immediately was like, wow, the Patriots could get IU for like their high second round pick. I would do that in five seconds because I think that guy's awesome. Deebo. I wonder like is is there a Marcus smart piece to him where his, the way his style of play, his body's gonna start breaking down over the next couple years. I'd rather, how about you?

5 (28m 11s):
Yeah, could you, I mean I'm sure there's some sort of cap hit you'd have to take on this, but like if you're saying I could have one guy going forward, I mean Iuk is the better receiver. He just, he just, yeah, that's just the way it is. And Deebo the way that his body is like I can you can you kind of maybe sucker somebody into trading for him. I still like Deebo I'd, I'd want him on my team. But You know he's one of those, he, it's like the heat, it's like, it's like Jimmy Butler like just get me to the playoffs and like You know, hopefully you're healthy and you're fine. Like don don't really care about the right horse season with Debo at all anymore. Yeah. So if that's what you're doing, that's fine. Auk is like a surprising guy. 'cause I don't, he's not flashy but he just, he runs great routes and he's always kind of open. And

0 (28m 45s):
That's the thing, he's always open like twice a game where you're like, man, you gotta open again. How'd you do it? But,

5 (28m 50s):
But do you ever worry about, like this is where I get into the scheme stuff again, where you go, all right. Yeah. He plays for his shanahan offense though. And like You know if you put him on the Panthers, like the how awesome like You know and he's got Bryce Young throw into him. Like is is do we still have him You know in the in what? The fourth tier here? I don't know. I think he's, I don't think he's like incredibly talented. I just think he's a really, really solid receiver.

0 (29m 8s):
Well that's why I wonder if they have a receiver they love either at the end of the first round or beginning of the second round, would they say Yeah, instead of paying Iuk we can get a speed guy here that we really like and we go anyway. So that's the fourth group. So now we are at, we're through 11 receivers. Six. Yeah 11. So this last group is six, which will bring us to 17 total Deebo cup I didn't have initially and then a couple of the, I sent this to The Ringer draft show guys, And, they were like, cup's gotta be on. I was like, well cup, are we getting cup ever again?

0 (29m 48s):
And it's like, well he is hurt last year. I just don't, are we getting him again? So I'm just on reputational alone, I'm throwing

5 (29m 54s):
On there. Probably not. And does it, does it make you feel weird? All the pooper just came in rookie year and basically did exactly what Cooper Cup did for right for three, four years. And that we better barking.

0 (30m 2s):
I'm

5 (30m 2s):
Not, yeah, again, I don't want to take it because the, the scheme thing just, it's hard. Like McVay is an incredible guy and like I'm not taking anything away from pka either. But like that's clearly a role to find out for those guys and they're very good. But I don dunno if that takes any shine off of Cooper Club plus the, the health and the age thing. I'm don don't know. I think, I think it's fine to have 'em there. I wouldn't, I wouldn't cry if he wasn't on the end the tear list though.

0 (30m 21s):
Nico Collins I had to put on. 'cause I think that guy's just a stud and out of anybody on this last level. I think he's the guy with a chance to jump maybe two levels by the time the end of next season happens. Devonta Smith, who, he's one of those guys, you just don't understand why he's not one of the five best receivers in the leagues with some of the catches. He makes weird team weird situation. Not not, he's one of those rare ones where it's like, I'd actually rather see him on a bad team just having the ball thrown to him all the time. You're nodding.

5 (30m 51s):
I, I kind of disagree.

0 (30m 53s):
Oh okay.

5 (30m 55s):
I think he and like Jalen Waddle, like I think I'd probably have Jalen Waddle in the similar ballpark that I would devonta like I think Jaylen Waddle is basically so you bump Devante I think. I think once you get into this last tier You know. So you've, you haven't named the entire thing yet? Oh yeah. Lemme

0 (31m 8s):
What I think

5 (31m 9s):
A lot of these Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah,

0 (31m 11s):
So I had Deebo Cup, Nico Collins, I feel good about all those three. Devonta Smith, DJ Moore. And last but not least, Stefan Diggs, which was the whole point of this exercise. He just, so he squeaked in in the last spot and I, and I was switching him out, putting him back in, switching 'em out and I ended up keeping him 17th. But hey, from, from a salary cap standpoint there, there's nine other guys I'd rather have. But if you're just talking about pure talent throwing salaries aside, I think he's probably still there, but I also think this is probably the last year he's there.

5 (31m 45s):
Probably. So then you don't have, you don't have Keenan Allen in this, as I mentioned, you don't have Waddle Higgins is out. Who else are we looking at? Tank Cooper. Well,

0 (31m 56s):
Tank Amari Cooper and Tank Dale were the toughest cuts for me. 'cause Tank Dale got hurt and I feel like if he didn't get hurt, I don't know what happens to him In a good way. Down the stretch, Collins ended up getting a lot of the shine 'cause Dell was out. But I I thought De was awesome. And then

5 (32m 11s):
DJ Moore. DJ Moore you can talk me into, he's like the the bad quarterback all star and he still puts up these stupid stats and You know last year you're watching it You know, I think he was like sixth yards or something like that. And You know playing with You know Justin Fields who was inconsistent at best. I I you could actually talk me into him being higher on this list. Like I don't, I don't know like he's not one of those guys that jumps off the screen at you either. But I'm just like he's al if he's always put being productive with these terrible quarterback situations, doesn't that tell you you everything you need to know about how good this guy is As a wide receiver, it's, it's kind of like Keenan Allen but with bad quarterback play.

0 (32m 44s):
So it sounds like we like 15 for sure and then Devonta and Diggs are kind of at the tail end of this list and you could that then it becomes preference. If you're talking about who I think is gonna bump some of these guys during the 24 season, I would definitely bet on Zay Flowers. Yep. Love. I would definitely bet on Addison on on the Vikings and I bet on on Dell on Houston would be my three candidates.

5 (33m 10s):
The problem with Addison is like who's their quarterback? He might just be eVic. Are

0 (33m 13s):
You kidding? It's gonna be the next time Brady, JJ McCarthy when they trade up say, I mean when they trade Up to the Chargers, they're gonna trade 11 and 23 in a first to move up six spots. That's my prediction. Yeah.

5 (33m 23s):
And Higgins is another interesting one. Like if he ends up on don don't know the Pats Panther, whatever team wants to trade for him and he's gonna put and he's playing with ba a bad quarterback or a rookie quarterback. Do we, are we as excited about him as we were with Joe Burrow? I I, I like him but I don know

0 (33m 39s):
I like t Higgins but he's one of those guys, when you actually look at his stats, it doesn't kind of match what's in your head with either fantasy or real life. Like he's never had 1100 yards in a season. He's never had more than seven touchdowns in a season. It's, he's good. But I'm also like you You know you have Chase on the other side, like you should have good stats. You have Burrow as your quarterback for most of that time. So I'd, I'd interested to see. Well and what happens that like he goes to the Patriots and now Ja, he's the number one, the defense is moving toward him and Jacobi Beers his quarterback, what kind of stats is he putting up? The other great thing about the, the mini Pyramid here we have Marvin Harrison, we have Tyreek Hill 2.0 coming out of LSU and we have Thomas also coming outta LSU and all three of those guys i, I think are better assets than some of the guys we've mentioned.

0 (34m 33s):
I don't know if any of them are ready to vault into the mini Pyramid right away. Do you think if you had to bet on one, who would you bet on?

5 (34m 38s):
Well the disrespect to Roma Dza, who I think is my favorite receiver in this draft, everybody likes

0 (34m 43s):
Neighbors. Oh, before my bad.

5 (34m 44s):
Yeah, no, well everybody likes neighbors 'cause he's just You know he's a track star and he's like You know Tyreek Hill Light essentially Harrison, he's gonna walk in to You know from day one being a top probably definitely 2015 receiver. The question with him is just like the ceiling You know, is he, is he gonna be, is he ever gonna be Jefferson or Lamb or Chase or is he just gonna be like You know don don't know Mike. Mike Evans for example, which is fine. Like Mike Kevins is great. He's obviously in your tier list. He's really good. But he is not I don dunno, he's not the flashiest player and I don't think he'd ever put him in like the top five receivers. So that's the question. But IJI love Rome. Rome is six three. He's built like a tank. He You know his route running could work on a little bit, but he's great with the ball after the catch. I think that guy at Washington You know the Washington, the weapons at Washington.

5 (35m 25s):
You could argue were better than some of the NFL teams. I mean probably better than your past last year. So no question. You know that's one of the Michael Pennix that's one of the knocks against Michael Pennix is like, did he actually have, were the weapons kind of the, the deal I don Dunno that that's necessarily true, but I would say You know Harrison's gonna be a great player. You know neighbors depends on the team, but I I, I like him and I think Rome, wherever he goes, I think he's being mocked to the Giants at a lot of places. He would step in from day one and be obviously their number one receiver. It's just like, who's throwing the ball again? The question we've been asking so far.

0 (35m 51s):
So I have digs in this mini Pyramid as the last guy 17th overall, and I don't feel in my head that he's the 17th best receiver asset. When you lay all this stuff out, we'll see how he does on Houston. Again, it scares me that Buffalo's like you need to go. That's never good. I I you have always have to look at it from like in my Al Keeper league, my baseball league, the guy who's won for four straight years, Mike Mendelson like two weeks before the draft, he is like, Hey, does anybody want a story? Ruiz, the the a's speedster outfielder we're like, wow, you only $18. Why are you trading him? He's like, anybody want him? So somebody trades for him and he gets sent down four days into the season.

0 (36m 32s):
We're like, what did Mike know? And I feel the same way with Buffalo inside

5 (36m 35s):
Trading.

0 (36m 36s):
Yeah, with Buffalo they're like, is anybody wants to find digs even though we're taking a huge cap hit? It's just, it's suspicious.

5 (36m 44s):
It's, I mean clearly You know his, what is his brother's tweeting about how much he hates it. There he is, he's questioning whether or not You know Josh Allen's actually gonna gonna be good without him. Which I think yeah, You know, you could argue that Josh Allen last year was, was better when they stopped throwing digs the ball, right? I he had 13 straight games without a hundred yards. He had drops in the playoffs. Like I don't think he's terrible, but I think getting a second round pick for him is pretty, I I I was, my first reaction to this was, wow, a second round pick is really high for a guy who's 30 and doesn't wanna be there and is kind of like You know has, has argued his way out of two different places. I dunno if you ever saw this like it was a couple years ago. It was actually back when he was on the Vikings. Like they, there was some like social media thing where one of the social media managers asked a bunch of different players like, Hey, who's the guy on the team who you'd least want to date your daughter?

5 (37m 28s):
And every single person sets Stefon Diggs. Oh no. It's like, that's not, that's, that's not the biggest thing, but it's like You know you pencil that away and like he, all right, so he's asked out of two places he's You know. That's, that's the thing. You know from the Viking stay like don don't know. There's just something there. But the thing is he'll probably be on his best behavior 'cause he's gonna be an awesome situation in Houston. He's gonna get a ton of balls his way and You know maybe he is happy, but I thought it was weird that they basically avoided the last part of his contract and he's essentially just now in a one year deal. Pretty strange for a second round pick. That's a lot.

0 (37m 56s):
Thanks for doing the wide receiver mini Pyramid with me. Sorry about, sorry about all the pressure on your Orlando magic by the way. Now that Randall's out for the air, we're gonna talk about the Knicks, we're gonna talk about the Knicks next with fantasy and Beck. All right, we're taping this part before Knicks Kings on Thursday night, the New York Knicks. In one way it's a sad story because Julius Randall has been ruled out, out for the year. On the other hand, a lot of good things have happened with the Knicks. They have shed the loser of the East, the sad sack of the New York sports scene. Some things have been shed. Sean F is here. Howard, Beck is here. Fantasy.

0 (38m 36s):
Where are you now mentally? Just walk us through what you're thinking. Where are you?

7 (38m 42s):
Well, I'm sure you invited me here to say why can't we have nice things? New York is cursed. Why are we so screwed? And so I'm happy to say, why can't we have nice things You know. Why are, why are we so screwed? I don't, I genuinely don't know. I mean, somebody reminded me of this in a, a New York sports text chain that I'm on, which you can imagine is one of the most curse

0 (39m 2s):
Places imaginable. Oh my god. Sad chain in the earth.

7 (39m 4s):
It's pa very painful.

8 (39m 5s):
Is there a psychiatrist on the chain? Yeah.

0 (39m 7s):
Is there a doc? Is Dr. Mel on that chain?

7 (39m 9s):
Is this just a direct link to hell? It's like Satan is overseas. He started the chat and don don't know if it was Satan or someone else in the chat. Said every time someone or something comes along in this sphere of fandom that we have, invariably it gets scuttled. You know. Think of Aaron Rogers going down four plays into the season. Think of Brie Hall the season before that for the Jets getting injured in the first five games of the year. You know for the Knicks. It was this very obvious thing where we got this very little, very brief snapshot of what this team with Julius Randall, Jalen Brunson, OGI Nobi, Josh Hart, Mitchell Robinson, Isaiah Hartstein and Dante di Vincenzo could be.

7 (39m 51s):
And we saw it for two games, three games after the OG acquisition and it kind of looked like maybe a championship contending team. And it's easy to say that because a small sample size, we don't really know what they were. But I remember I was watching the game when Randall got hurt and, and dislocated his shoulder and you could tell immediately that it was a very bad injury and it feels like something has been ripped away from us and now all of a sudden we're in what if territory with the Knicks, which I guess is better than what never, right? It's, it's, it could be worse.

0 (40m 22s):
Well you've had seven postseason appearances since the 2000 finals and you've made the second round twice. So even the hope, I guess Howard like the be if you're gonna go spin a positive glass half full, they made a lot of good moves that worked. Right. Vincenzo, good signing Jalen Brunson the best signing of the decade. Isaiah Hartenstein probably the best bargain free agent signing of the last couple years. I mean they got him for under 10 million a year. The Josh Hart trade was good. They ain't an be trade on paper. I, we could talk about his health stuff in a little bit, but that was a good move for the most part. It looks like a train heading in the right direction.

0 (41m 2s):
They didn't panic, they didn't do the, oh my God, we're the mad ish, be a new owner syndrome move. They still have all their picks. The Celtics were probably winning the east no matter what happened with the talent they have unless somebody gets hurt in the Celtics. So this probably wasn't there anyway. And they're still positioned for a whole bunch of good things. I would say. This is positive. You're going to these games in New York. Does it feel positive there? What's the Vibe

8 (41m 27s):
Haven been in a couple weeks. We'll be heading there when we finish Up to see them play the Kings. But listen, the, the vibes that Sean, Sean can correct me from the Nicks fan perspective, if I'm wrong, I think the vibes are still generally positive. And even the Randall News today, you kind of knew this was coming. Like you could kind of see this coming You know. I don't know that anybody really expected he was gonna be back. Will and Nobi be back for the playoffs. We'll see. But I think given everything that the Knicks as a franchise have been through and put frankly put themselves through and that Knicks fans have been put through, I think you cannot look at this through any lens other than a positive one because the injuries of the injuries that that's gonna happen no matter what you do.

8 (42m 8s):
I think as a baseline, anything that Knicks fans could truly ask for was just operate like a normal competent team. And they've done that ever since Leon Rose took that job. And, and I will say outright like I was a bit skeptical, not 'cause of anything to do with Leon, but just the fact that I, I've always, I'm always skeptical when someone comes in from the alternate route, right? No assistant gm, no basketball ops experience, period. But he hired a lot of really good people, people who did have a lot of front office experience and they've just done the slow and steady thing, right? They've, they've kept their picks, they've acquired picks, they haven't swung for the fences.

8 (42m 49s):
They were in the Donovan Mitchell thing, but whatever they pulled out or Utah pivoted, whatever it was, they didn't overpay to get Mitchell, which turns out to be the best move anyway because he and Brunson, you and I I think agree on this bill. He and Brunson don don't think we're ever going to be a, a good pairing. And so they've kept their powder dry. The an nobie trade was a great move. I Knicks fans who were friends of mine, i I I was, was on text chains that that day with people who were saying like they were heartbroken 'cause they love Emmanuel quickly. And, they still had hopes for Barrett, but an nobie launches them to one of their best. Tommy Beer who's here in town, writes for a number of outlets. Noted this on Twitter earlier that the January three week stretch with Enobi was the next best three week stretch since insanity.

0 (43m 37s):
Is that true?

8 (43m 39s):
I i, I didn't god up the numbers. God, I think it was like 12 and one or something. But like it like arguably the most exciting and the most optimistic too since then. Yeah. So like I I I think You know whatever happens in the playoffs. And granted at a certain point there, within the last couple of months, I think again friends of mine who were Knicks fans we're seeing like, hey, if things break right, You know, I think we can actually take the Celtics and I I was hearing this kind of chatter like they were, they were up for it. They were feeling likes,

0 (44m 5s):
We were a little concerned on the Celtics side too. You were worried. Yeah, I was,

8 (44m 9s):
Yeah.

0 (44m 10s):
It was the type of Miami heat type of weird, gritty, tough team that I think would've given the Celtics problems.

8 (44m 16s):
Yeah. And now I I don don't think that that's in the cards for this postseason, but you You know you gotta take, it's easy for me to say as the non-fan, but you gotta take the long view and the long view should be they are in a really great position to, even if they just got healthy and resign OG and Obi and just bring back the same group, they're gonna feel like a year from now they've got that same punchers chance against Boston or whoever. But in the meantime, they still have all those assets, all those extra draft picks and, and just they're, they're in a great position to make the next move when they get the opportunity to, and in this league, that's all you can ask because you don't know when the next guy is available or when you can get him. You just gotta put yourself in a position where you have the assets to go get the guy.

8 (44m 56s):
If he's available,

0 (44m 57s):
Well they're gonna have Randall at 30.3 next year coming off an injury and then 32.4 player option, which I'm guessing like with the how high the free agent caps space it like next year, it might be his last year on this contract. So that part's interesting. And then Bogdanovich, who's You know has just not been a great signing for them. I I, I guess I should have been able to predict that Tibs wouldn't totally love this guy 'cause he is, he's such a defense guy, but he has a team option at 19 next year. So they have some, some chips. Sean, if let's say they traded everything And, they got Donovan Mitchell next year. Are you excited about that or are you think, are you feeling like, oh my God this is a classic mid two thousands Knicks move?

7 (45m 43s):
Oh, don don't think it would be that bad. I mean I still think, I still think Donna Donovan Mitchell in his prime and is one of the most dynamic scores in the NBA and that stretch that the Cavs had earlier this year where he was carrying them was kind of amazing. He's also just a, a died in the wool New York guy who's basically desperately wanted to be on the Knicks and there's a homecoming thing Yeah. That hopefully doesn't too closely mirror the Carmelo thing. I'm the biggest Carmelo hater skeptic around and I don't, I'm, I'm a little nervous about that, but I'm also enticed by it. I just have the same concerns that I think any reasonable person does about putting Mitchell and Brunson in the same back court and just feeling like even with a strategically aligned tibs defense, whether or not those two can survive together.

7 (46m 28s):
And nobody wants to mess with Brunson. I mean Brunson is, he is already the most legendary and beloved Nick since Patrick Ewing. There's just no question about it. I mean, he is a, I genuinely think like a, a demi god to Nick's fans right now. I love watching him play. Everyone feels very emotionally connected to him. So the idea of like messing with that somehow or they're like him pairing him with someone who reveals more of his weaknesses or whatever that might lead to, makes you feel complicated. But they have to do something because they, the offense that it is, they're missing without. Randall is so apparent on a night to night basis, Dante di Vincenzo being their leading scorer in like six of the last 10 games.

7 (47m 9s):
They're 16 and 14 since Randall got hurt. Like there's just no way around that. Like they are missing him. I have been flummoxed by Julius Randall since he got here. He's really hard to root for. He plays hard and he is a, obviously very gifted, but his energy and his meltdowns at the wrong times, especially at the close of games, drive fans nuts. But they're, they're just missing something without him. So whether it's him coming back in full health or making some sort of move, I wonder if when you look at the core of the team now and you're like, okay, so it's Brunson, Steven, Zo, Hart, Robinson, Hartenstein, deuce, McBride, Og and og, let's say they extend og.

7 (47m 49s):
Can you get your head around Kat for Randall at that point? Like, can you and picks like can you, does it actually make more sense and then line those guys up because then all those guys are all 27 basically. See I don

0 (48m 0s):
Think nobody on the team think I as much as I let Kat, don don't think Kat would be the guy. I just think Bridges is, is now sitting there from a Brooklyn standpoint. You know. And, and the Villanova thing, there's been hints, Howard You know this. Follow the smoke signals. Smoke signals start pumping up in the air. Like what's that? Alright, I I, I see a little circle. What is that? And You know the Villanova thing, which I think all of these guys love and he just feels like the last piece. And if you're Brooklyn, I just, it doesn't make sense to keep him, it doesn't make sense to do whatever You know. I'm sure. Have you gone to more Nets games or Knicks games this year? Howard,

8 (48m 38s):
By Far Nets games. 'cause I'm right down the street from, from Barclay Center. So it's just easier. Yeah.

0 (48m 42s):
So I mean, is there a sadder atmosphere in the league right now? The Nets games, it's the worst, right? The the, they had no fans to begin with and now everybody just goes to see the other team. The Nets don't like playing with each other. Bridges has been exposed as Yeah. Oh, You know what, he's actually not the guy who averaged 26 a game the last six weeks of the season after the trade. Like he's an awesome guy to have on your team in your top four, but he's not like a lead guy. So I don, I just don't know why the Nets wouldn't cash that in. I I actually think he's worth the most of the Nicks.

7 (49m 14s):
Howard, do you think that the, the Nets and Knicks would do a deal?

8 (49m 17s):
Hmm. See that's a really good question, Sean and I, I, if I had thought ahead on this and done my homework, I would've Googled it. I think they've last made a trade like 40 years

0 (49m 27s):
Ago, like Michael Ray Richardson for

8 (49m 29s):
Yes, that's

7 (49m 30s):
Why I asked that one. It never

0 (49m 31s):
Happens.

8 (49m 32s):
It, it never happens. It would be weird. I don't think it's out of the question if, listen, I like, I think both of these front offices are pretty pragmatic and it's not like these are like You know died in the world. Knicks and Nets people, right? Leon was a CAA agent for a zillion years. And Sean Marks is a You know. I I still think of him as a Spurs guy, frankly. I don't know that they would have any like emotional or, or weird awkward feelings about making a deal. I do wonder if, if the two owners might, Josiah and James Dolan, who, who knows how to predict anything that James Dolan would, would think or feel. But I agree with you Bill on the, on the broader premise anyway, and I think we discussed this when I was on back in January, we were doing some, some fake trade stuff or maybe I texted it to you, I thought the net should have traded or entertaining Mikhail Bridges trades at the trade deadline.

8 (50m 26s):
Yeah, we talked about it. Yeah. He's, he's, he's mid prime or he is early prime 27, 28 year range. Right? By the time you're good again as the Nets, I know you want him there as the anchor to attract, whether it's Donovan Mitchell or somebody else who can be the main guy. And, and, and Bridges can go back to being that number two or number three guy and he's a guy you wanna play with. Great. That's great. The problem is, I, you don't know when you're getting that guy. Maybe it happens this summer, but if it doesn't, how long are you holding onto him waiting for that guy? And by that time, bridges has burned a couple years of his prime. And while I'm not projecting this onto him or expecting it or saying he should, we know how it is in today's NBA. You get somewhere for a while, especially if you're You know All Star level or even a little tier below that, as, as Bridges might be, you get understandably antsy and you say, guys, what are we doing?

8 (51m 15s):
Maybe I shouldn't be here. Maybe it's time to deal me. And I think he's got two

0 (51m 18s):
Years stuff. He kind of, kind of was sniffing that out this year a couple times. He didn't fully say it, but yeah, it's a little like, eh, what are we doing guys? If I'm the Nets you got Simmons next year is an expiring, so next year is screwed too. I, yeah, could you talk, could you talk yourself into overpaying for Mitchell if Mitchell's like, I wanna be in New York so badly that I'll even play for the Nets Yeah.

8 (51m 41s):
Of Draft

0 (51m 42s):
Capital. Yeah. So you're trading all your draft capital, but now this is your team. Your team is Donovan Mitchell Simmons probably has to be in that trade. And then Bridges and You know, I still don't see where you are in the East. I'm not, he's in a worse situation than he is in in Cleveland. His teammates in Cleveland are much better than his teammates would be in Brooklyn. And if he feels like he can't go to the Nets, I mean the Knicks, then maybe, maybe that's when Miami becomes a possibility for him. See, I, when I think about the Knicks big picture, I think of Bridges and I think of Booker and I know, oh yeah, Booker's never leaving Phoenix. I just don't believe people are in the same place ever in the NBA anymore.

0 (52m 24s):
We've been burned so many different times. And if I'm the Knicks, who's gonna be unhappy end of April because we have so many good teams now there's gonna be a couple teams that are just like, holy shit we just lost in the first round in five games. Or Oh my God, we didn't even get out of the plan. We just spent $250 million on our roster. And I think Phoenix is a good candidate for that if it's, it already seems kind of unhappy when you watch 'em. Like I thought that Phoenix Cleveland game last night was like, it was like the, the unhappy all-star game at various times. I was worried about the state of mind of both teams, but You know.

0 (53m 4s):
And then there's the Durant piece too, which we have to mention Sean, you just have to because he does that, that interview podcast with Rich Kleiman, which I thought was hilarious to do a podcast with your manager. But, and and he is like, I told you we should have done the Knicks and Kitty's. Like I know you were right. And I'm like, alright, so now the door is open now for the Knicks that they're just even talking about that. And I just wonder like if the Suns thing goes badly this year, did the Knicks come to the rescue?

7 (53m 33s):
That would be bittersweet for me because I loved Kevin Durant watching Kevin Durant and just my favorite scorer in the last 15 years in the NBA. And it was the same attitude that I had towards Aaron Rogers, who's my favorite quarterback to watch. And kind of like my ideal as a quarterback in many ways doesn't make mistakes. Canon Arm great improviser cerebral,

0 (53m 54s):
Good podcast guest.

7 (53m 56s):
Absolutely both of those guys. Great podcast. A lot of interesting ideas that they're sharing. Yeah. Thinker complicated ideas. Yeah, absolutely not afraid to go against the grain

0 (54m 4s):
Zags, zag

7 (54m 5s):
Zags. No, I mean both of those guys are kind of dipshits You know what I mean? Like And, they're both coming to us late in their careers. Like what are we talking about? Like I, what I want as an, as a fan, and I think in some ways I feel this way about Jalen Brunson and maybe I'll feel this way about Garrett Wilson. Maybe I'll feel this way about a handful of other people when you're, I just want somebody who's 26 in the best player in the league one time in my life, just one time. That would be amazing to have You know to, to draft Kevin Durant, not to get Kevin Durant when he's 37 on his, whoops, I screwed up four years ago and went to Brooklyn contract and begging his way out of the Matt ish B tire fire owner syndrome, Phoenix Suns. Like I, that just doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense for the culture that Tibs and Rose built that Howard was talking about.

7 (54m 48s):
I don't even know what, what is Duran searching for? Like a kind of vindication there. Like what could complicate his legacy even more than trying to make the like, make up for the mistake that he made by not coming in the first place than coming late and then letting us down and it not working out. That would only, that, that's the only thing he could do that would make it worse for fan for Nick's fans. So

0 (55m 8s):
Booker don don't know Booker well, Booker might actually be slightly more realistic if he decided he just didn't wanna be there anymore, which we've seen over and over again in the NBA for the last 20 years. But he's got all the Kentucky di ties and all the ties with Wes and those guys and I think that's on the short list for them. I mean he, that's the one they've been waiting for forever.

7 (55m 26s):
And he's, what I'm talking about, he's 27, he's one of the 10 best players in the league. He's a dog and he would be a, a megastar in New York.

0 (55m 35s):
Makes a little more sense with Brunson, right?

7 (55m 38s):
Yeah. He's bigger You know he can defend wings. Like there's more there that makes sense than Mitchell. don don't know though. I don. I don't, in what world are you trading Devin Booker? How can you trade Devon? Like he would have to, he

0 (55m 50s):
Would aggressively out to say like got went out. But that's brings me to the, the point I had earlier, which is like, we're gonna have some unhappiness in April. Like this is just the way it's gonna go. There's gonna be five or six teams who are just at the, at the crossroads and players that are going, oh my God, I just wasted a year of my career and, and You know we won a playing game and then I lost in five in round one. What's, what, what's next? What are we gonna do? How are we gonna get better? And there's gonna be no answers. The league's just really, really good. Howard do you, are you surprised that the Knicks are even in the position where they could potentially lure they can big game hunt again because this was so bad.

0 (56m 31s):
T guys weren't even taking free agent meetings with this organization anymore. Like, did you ever feel like this was irretrievable? If do, if Dolan was the owner or there, there was some path back.

8 (56m 42s):
I mean there was certainly the case to be made that it might be irretrievable with Dolan as the owner with all the missteps he's made privately, publicly, operationally, politically, all kinds of different things you could throw into that bucket. But I've also, You know, been covered the league long enough to know that like nothing's permanent in this league, right? You know the, the, the, the Clippers were the laughing stock for most of our lives, right? And they're about to move into their own beautiful new building. They've got a great owner who's the richest owner in the NBA, maybe the richest owner in sports. And they're respect, they

0 (57m 16s):
Have James Harden, he's red hot right now. That's going great.

8 (57m 20s):
I mean things happen, but You know. But no, but like, listen Bill, I think we would agree if those guys all retired tomorrow, the difference is that by Kauai and Paul George picking the Clippers and then Harden going Westbrook, whoever, it's changed the image of them. Like if they have cap room tomorrow, guys are going to actually consider them. The best players will consider them in the way that they never would have during the entirety of the Donald Sterling era. So You know things change quickly. I'm only surprised that the Knicks are in this position based on what I said earlier, which is that at the time that Leon Rose comes in with Worldwide West and everything else, it's like, what, what exactly are they doing here? Like I You know Dolan's always hiring the guy who he thinks You know can, can somehow get him the stars immediately.

8 (58m 5s):
And that, and that hasn't even really happened. The one guy who's become the star is Jalen Brunson, who at the time they signed him, people thought was an overpay and now is a vast crazy overpay.

0 (58m 15s):
Oh

8 (58m 15s):
My

0 (58m 15s):
God.

8 (58m 15s):
And so, so it's the, the surprise in it is simply that they took a very unconventional road to get here. And the front office has operated in a way that I think most of their predecessors in New York have not. They've, they've done the smart, pragmatic, methodical type of moves, smaller moves singles and doubles instead of it all being swing for the fences every time, instead of it being You know, let's go get Marberry, let's get Amari Stouter, let's get Carmelo and trade everything. We've got to get 'em. And now hamstring the Carmelo era for the rest of time because we had no assets left to deal. They were always yeah, sending out everything they had to get somebody and often the wrong guy at the wrong time.

8 (58m 57s):
And that's what they have not

0 (58m 58s):
Done And. They've been patient. So now, now you have Sean dreaming about Booker and towns and o One thing that happened that, I talked about it a couple times in my podcast during the off season last year about the Giannis side of things and how one of the Bucks owners sold and, and I just thought there was some, some things I just didn't like coming outta Let's Bill

7 (59m 21s):
Situation, let's go, let's do it. Come on, come to New York. Giannis

0 (59m 25s):
The mo, the more, no, 'cause he's, he locked into Milwaukee at least for a little while. But the, the more I've heard afterwards, after the fact, I think the buck thought like he was gonna ask for a trade. I really think that was in play before the season. And then when they did the dame trade and then all of a sudden Giannis came back in. I forget which one happened first, but there was a little stretch there where they were like, he's not gonna opt in and we're probably gonna have to trade him or we're gonna lose him for nothing. And I think the Knicks were sitting there for that.

8 (59m 55s):
Giannis gave two interviews last summer. One with the New York Times and one with a podcast whose name I apologize, I cannot remember where he basically said like, if we're not gonna be able to compete for championships, then, then yeah, maybe I would go somewhere else. I mean, I'm paraphrasing obviously, but he, he

0 (1h 0m 8s):
Was, he was, he was laying the breadcrumbs. But I think in real life, I think the situation was way more advanced and You know and then what, whatever happened happened, they stayed. But even like the Griffin to Doc thing, I think they're, I think they're always gonna be concerned. He's just gonna look up one day and be like, eh, it's time. I've outgrown this place You know, which we've seen happen a lot in the NBA. So I wonder like, like I do think the Knicks are hoarding their assets. They're waiting. I'm gonna be really interested in the Enobi contract though, because I have it written down. Let's just say he's not Lou Gehrig from a durability standpoint, last four years, 29 games missed, 34 games missed 15 games, missed this year, 31 and counting.

0 (1h 0m 56s):
And I don't even know what's going on with that elbow and why it's like, why it's not getting better. But I just don't know. I there's always some wink wink stuff with this. What, how high does that contract go, Sean? Before you start throwing up in a garbage can? Like four years, four years, one 20. Are you throwing up yet? Like four years? One 40. Where where are we going? Four years? One 60. Are you puking?

7 (1h 1m 22s):
That's, that's, that would be not good. Four years, one 60 would be not good. I'm, I'm, I'm concerned. I mean on the one hand, like he's gonna be 27 this summer when he played, he was, he's like the ultimate tibs weapon. I he's like the player that I imagine Tibs has been dreaming of his entire career guy who can hit open threes and defend every position on the floor. And he completely unlocked their ability as You know, they lost, I think they went like 16 and two in January. They were the remarkable. But if he has a chronic injury, that's the kind of move that can like literally derail a five-year period for a team. Yeah, I mean if they're paying him for $40 million, go

0 (1h 2m 0s):
Look at Ben Simmons.

7 (1h 2m 1s):
Yeah. I mean it can be a disastrous move. So I don't know. I I mean I, they have to just make sure that they have the right information about his health. 'cause You know, you'd imagine that if he was healthy enough to play right now, he'd be playing, I I guess maybe you could make the case that they knew deep down that Randall was never coming back. So they're not trying to push it with OG and that there's a quiet acceptance That's fair. That this is not the year. And so let him heal fully before giving him that extension. don don't know that's trying to psychology the front office there. I am a little nervous about the contract though, as also the weirdness of someone like OG making 10 or $15 million more a year than Jalen Brunson, which will get resolved in the next year or two when he gets extended. But that also is kind of strange for a guy who You know OG is a three, he's a number, he is like a number three piece on a great team, not a number two, not a number four.

7 (1h 2m 50s):
He is a three and $40 million is a lot for that.

0 (1h 2m 53s):
Howard, if Brunson makes all NBA, does he get a, what happens to his contract? I know don don't know the world 'cause he signed a couple years ago, but like for me, I was, and I'm, I've been tinkering with my LNBA every week now we're still seven games away. There's some things in flux, but I don't really see a scenario where he is not a second team all NBA guy for me now

8 (1h 3m 14s):
I think he's probably a lock. And I think, and listen, I have not done the exercise yet, bill, you're ahead of you're ahead of me. I I gotta get my shit together. But like I, it's, it's hard to imagine that he's not gonna make one of the all NBA teams and especially because we're in the first year of this, this whole 65 game rule, which is gonna knock out a bunch of other guys, knock

0 (1h 3m 30s):
Out Mitchell already.

8 (1h 3m 32s):
And we're in the first year of it being positionless too, which I know Bill, you're still gonna go, you've said you're gonna go with positions and I'm, I'm considering that myself too. I'm a little uncomfortable with it just being one through 15. But the thing about the one through 15 is if you wanna over index forwards or bigs, you can, and that could come at the expense of some guards. Does that mean true? Somebody like Brunson falls off some, I i I don't know I don. I'm not saying he should.

0 (1h 3m 54s):
He has to be in the, he has to be second on.

8 (1h 3m 57s):
He he absolutely has to be. I don't know. I I do not my, my, my Bobby Marks hat on today. I do not know where that, what that does

0 (1h 4m 5s):
Super match funny. Bobby just came barging into the pod I don nowhere. He just like a, like a bad signal. Sean, what do you think the, the net rating is of the Hartenstein Hart Brunson Vincenzo deuce McBride lineup. If you had to guess,

7 (1h 4m 20s):
You're, you're gonna have to tell me

0 (1h 4m 22s):
It's plus 32.4 per a hundred minutes. It's the Har foundation. That's what Woz was trying to get that going on. The Ringer, NBA show, the Hart Foundation Hartstein and, and,

7 (1h 4m 34s):
And Josh Hart

0 (1h 4m 35s):
And Josh Hart.

7 (1h 4m 36s):
I, to me di even gen's been the story. I mean he's had multiple games now where he's made eight plus three pointers. There's something crazy going on right now. Yeah.

0 (1h 4m 43s):
He was not this good on the Warriors last year, but not

7 (1h 4m 45s):
Even close. I mean, I th I think there's, I I have heard some people say that there's some confusion around the success of this team because basically every player is having a career year and if every player has a career year, do you wanna overextend your excitement or is it just that these guys have hit their prime and that this is who they are? You know that maybe Dante di Vincenzo is a 40% three point shooter who shoots 12 threes a game. Maybe that is his game now. don don't, I don't, I really don't know. It's impossible to tell though when Randall and OG don't play because like, what actually are those other guys who were 25 minute a night guys who are now 35 minute a night guys? That's really hard to say.

0 (1h 5m 21s):
Yeah, I don dunno that either.

8 (1h 5m 22s):
The analytics guys will tell you that three point shooting is one of those things where if you have suddenly a career, like there was, I hate to bring this up for, for Sean's sake, but like Raymond Felton and maybe JR r Smith, that same year, the 54 win season, like some guys had career years or like outstanding three month stretches. And the, the analytics guys will tell you like three point shooting. If you have like an an outlier year, especially You know to, to the high end way over your career average. That's probably the anomaly. It doesn't necessarily mean it's a, it's a, it takes a while to stabilize and so it's not necessarily a permanent state of affairs. And so yeah, I think there should be at least a little bit of concern about too many guys having career years. Is it all that they're all hitting their prime at the same time? Is that they're playing with Jalen Brunson? Is it that it's just a chemistry thing?

8 (1h 6m 3s):
Is it just the universe? Everything clicked into place and if you overpay everyone and assume you're gonna, this is just gonna keep climbing that, that could be a little scary.

0 (1h 6m 11s):
Can I give you what my biggest concern would be be because we lived at Witton Boston with the Isaiah Thomas here. Illa brought this up on Sunday's pod. Isaiah Thomas had a very similar year to what Brunson's doing this year where he was just awesome and actually running a lot of the same offensive sets that the Celtics ran that year that the Nicks running this year and just took a physical pounding night after night after night after night and couldn't sustain it and got hurt. And when I watch Brunson, I think the thing that is, one of the reasons I can't wait to put him on my second team is just the, the pounding he takes night after night.

0 (1h 6m 51s):
Fucking loved that guy, man. He really like, he really leaves it all out. Especially when they changed the rules in February. There were some guys like that. It was just worse for like, it was bad for Curry, it was bad for Brunson. Some of these guys that you can really kind of rough up, especially the smaller guards. And that guy keeps ticking. I thought that that San Antonio game when, what did he end up with? 61? Yeah. And he only had six free throws and I, there was like 10 different times he went flying into something. But I, I think, but it's not surprising to me to hear that you think he's the most popular Nixon's Ewing. But it,

7 (1h 7m 26s):
It speaks to like a challenge that that team is having right now. 'cause now two of their last three losses have come down to the last possession and Brunson has taken the final shot in both games and he's been unbelievable in both games. Yeah, but he's freaking exhausted playing 44 minutes a game and he is taking You know off balance shots with not a lot of offensive help missing guys and what's he supposed to do? The Isaiah Thomas thing is a little scary to me because Isaiah Thomas, like when you look back, basically had those two mega seasons with the Celtics where he was amazing. I don't think we're gonna look back on Brunson as having these two incredible seasons with the Knicks and then breaking down. I guess it's possible we have to account for it. They're built a little bit differently. And, they play a little bit differently to me.

7 (1h 8m 7s):
Brunson. Yeah. And, and Thomas, Thomas is a little bit more slight I think than Brunson's little,

0 (1h 8m 11s):
Well Thomas Thomas was, I mean he is probably five foot nine. Yeah.

8 (1h 8m 14s):
Brunson, he's five nine. Yeah. Brunson's listed at six two. But his, his own teammates say he's closer to six, I think six feet. Yeah. Yeah,

0 (1h 8m 20s):
Yeah. Probably

7 (1h 8m 21s):
So. But he just, he felt it felt a little bit like stiffer and St. Sturdier to me too. Brunson.

0 (1h 8m 25s):
Well, either way, Sean's back, I remember there was a time in the mid 2000 tens when he thought about giving up the NBA entirely.

7 (1h 8m 33s):
I I, I never in a million years would've thought as Howard said that it would've been Leon Rosen and Tibs who would've gotten me back into, I was very dubious to the Tibs hire. I was miserable when they failed to sign Durant miserable. That might've been my lowest because I thought that that was their best chance to yeah. Get that credibility back. And I was a hundred percent wrong about that. They, they have done an amazing job rebuilding this team and never made a mistake. But now we're at this summer, this could be the time when you make the mistakes. So I really hope they don't

0 (1h 8m 58s):
All Sean Fantasy can listen to him on the big picture and on the re watchable every once in a while. And sometimes he goes on the New York New York podcast with John Kremsky. Usually, usually unhappily, we gotta put you, we put you, that's our own five. That's tough. We gotta put you in a situation when you're popping on sports podcasts in a happy mood. Anyway, Howard, staying on. Thanks Sean. Thanks guys. Taking a break. All right. Now we're gonna play game with Howard called Surprise Me. I guess we'd call it. I just told you to come up with a couple topics and you were like, do you want me to send them to you? And I said, no, I'm totally confident in my ability to just bounce off whatever you're gonna throw at me.

0 (1h 9m 41s):
So I, I asked you to come up with two or three things that you care about right now as we head into the last, what do we got 10 days left in the season? What do you care what's on your mind?

8 (1h 9m 51s):
I've got like four or five. And this is definitely one thing I've learned about you, bill and, and our brief time together here at The Ringer that you do like surprises. So here, here we go. You know what? I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna skip down my, my list here to a contrarian. Take contrarian. Actually it's, it's contrary to what something you said when you and Silla were talking recently and it picks up on something we were just discussing about the Nets, which is this, I know you were talking about hopelessness and nets versus wizards. And I would say this, I actually would rather have, and this is if I'm a third team, if I were some other team trading, I would rather have the Nets package of Suns picks than the Houston package of Nets picks.

8 (1h 10m 31s):
And it goes to something we were just discussing, which is this Sun's thing is really all over the map. It's, and it's, it could go any direction in the playoffs. I don't know if they're a first round out bill or, or a conference finalist, but if it crashes and Burns You know Durant's turning 36 in September, he's played over 1200 games counting the playoffs, two big

0 (1h 10m 53s):
Two big injuries.

8 (1h 10m 54s):
And so the three foot surgery year, people have forgotten about that way back in Oklahoma, three foot surgeries in like 18 months plus the Achilles. And like I, I hope Durant can play for many more years to come at a high level as he still is. But you just don't know when the end hits for these guys. The bill contract is going to handicap the suns through 2027 when he'll be making 57 million in 26, 27.

0 (1h 11m 21s):
Ugh.

8 (1h 11m 22s):
So if Durant were to break down or as you said bail out, I'm not sure that's gonna happen this soon

0 (1h 11m 28s):
Or get old. There's three options, right? Breakdown, bailout, get old or stay at this level.

8 (1h 11m 33s):
Yeah. How long is it gonna be? You know how many minutes expire before Booker has just made the call to say, I'm out, pull the ripcord. So the, the suns picks that are going to Brooklyn, they got the 2023 already. So there's 25, 27, 29 at a swap in 28. I'm saying bill that by the time 20, maybe not 25, by the time that 27 pick comes around and then the swap at 28 and 29, the Nets could very well be the better team than the Suns. So they'll get the swap and they'll get the higher picks. The suns could be crashing and burning and it and it could be pretty ugly. Whereas with the Nets granted rough spot they're in right now. But they do have flexibility including all those picks that they could trade their picks to Houston.

8 (1h 12m 17s):
They still owe 25 and or excuse me, 24, 26 and then swaps in 25 and 27, which is

0 (1h 12m 25s):
Brutal. It's the next four years Houston has the better pick or the pick pick.

8 (1h 12m 30s):
Yeah. But the thing for the Nets is the silver lining for them, if you could call it that, is like right now, if the season ends right now their lottery pick, their draft pick is somewhere in that eight nine range. The last time that that happened and that pick went somewhere else, it became Colin Sexton for the Cavaliers. Not catastrophic it could be, but if this is as bad as it gets for the next bill, if they can, whether they're trading bridges for a bunch of stuff, whether they're trading Cam Johnson for a bunch of stuff, whether they are trading, although Sons picks to get Donovan Mitchell, they're gonna at least be competent I think sooner than later. In which case those picks that they still outta to Houston might not be that bad.

8 (1h 13m 10s):
They may be just low lottery or You know somewhere in the mid-teens, whatever. But I don't think they're gonna be ca it's not like, it's not like sending j the Jalen Brown Jason Tatu picks to Boston once upon a time. So I I think they're gonna level out where at least be competent. Can

0 (1h 13m 26s):
I nag on your while

8 (1h 13m 27s):
The Suns Yeah. While the Suns crash. Yeah. Go,

0 (1h 13m 30s):
Let's go through the East. Would you rather be the Pistons next four years with all your picks and the players you have or the Nets

8 (1h 13m 40s):
Ass? I wanna nets

0 (1h 13m 42s):
Really, I would much rather be the Pistons.

8 (1h 13m 45s):
At least I know I have some winning talent and that if it doesn't fit together I can do something with it. Even if it's trading it. I don't know what the Pistons have right now. Bill and I know like You know Ivy and these guys, Cunningham's got some pro, like there's some stuff there, but I I just feel like something's really amiss there. don don't know what it's

0 (1h 14m 2s):
Wizards.

8 (1h 14m 5s):
The wizards are are in that You know early stages of the tear down. So it's kind of hard to assess. But like again, the Nets

0 (1h 14m 12s):
Have, at least they have their picks.

8 (1h 14m 13s):
The but the Nets have all those son's picks Plus they still have like a pick from the Mavericks and the Sixers. Like they're sitting on a lot of decent capital that they could spend.

0 (1h 14m 22s):
Would you rather be Charlotte or The Nets?

8 (1h 14m 26s):
Probably Charlotte on the, on the hope of a Brandon Miller You know bringing the, the Renaissance and Lalo ball someday staying healthy and a in a, in a better front office coming in via the nets of all things.

0 (1h 14m 39s):
I'd rather be Charlotte, Toronto or the Nets. I mean Toronto's tanking now, so they're gonna have a top six pick in the worst draft in 24 years. Plus the other assets And, they have all their other stuff. I'd probably rather be,

8 (1h 14m 50s):
And they've got Scotty Barnes, like I, yeah, I'll on any of these. I'll start with if you've, if your best player is young and better than my best player, I'm gonna take that guy. So yeah, Scotty Barnes in Toronto win that battle.

0 (1h 14m 59s):
And then if you go the 10 playoff teams and playing teams, I think I'd rather be them than the Nets just cross the board. Yeah,

8 (1h 15m 6s):
Different, different exercise. And I, I agree with you, but I'm just saying like in a vacuum,

0 (1h 15m 12s):
I see your point. You, you like, so basically you think the possibility of downside with Phoenix from the mid 2000 twenties on to you is scarier. Yeah. Than wherever this could go at the Nets. I guess my counter would be, 'cause everyone's like, well the Nets will get good players 'cause You know it's New York people wanna play there, but the part that everybody forgets is the other players have been playing there the last 10 years. And if I'm another player going in there and playing in Brooklyn, am I excited to be there for 41 home games from what I've seen passing through. Is it like, is this a destination compared to I? don know when you play at MSG?

0 (1h 15m 53s):
Yeah when you play, when you play in Boston, when you play I, don pick any pick anywhere.

8 (1h 15m 59s):
Yeah, it, it's tough. It's a tough, it's a tough contrast, especially when you're in the same city with the Knicks and the garden is just absolutely rocket. And even in the worst of times the garden is intense. Bar Barclays isn't great most of the time. I've seen some good moments there. The Nets fans will rally now and then. But yeah, a lot of times the place is filled with fans of the Star on the other team, LeBron or Steph or whoever's coming through that part's tough. But some guys would actually prefer maybe You know, listen, Durant was accused of this. He and Kyrie were accused of this, of, of, you get all the benefits of New York without necessarily as much of the scrutiny because the Knicks get, get all of that pressure and the nets get very little of it. So it may just depend on the temperament of the player.

8 (1h 16m 40s):
There's still a lot of advantages to being in New York regardless. So, and it may well be a trade, right? Everything is trades now anyway. And I, I think the pressures on Shaw marks clearly firmly right now to make a move this summer. Like he made the moves You know under duress to trade. Kyrie Irving and Kevin Durant did pretty well on both deals and, but then he just sat on it for the last You know year and a half year plus. And I think this summer is the point where it's like, okay, we've let this go long enough, we have to course correct at some point and pick a direction. So like this, if you and I resume this conversation in You know late July August, I, I wonder where we'll be because I I something tells me the Nets are gonna don don't know if it's dramatic.

8 (1h 17m 24s):
I don't know if they're getting a superstar, but they're gonna make moves to at least become good again. And that's what they did the last time they were in this position, right? They didn't let themselves sink too far for too long before they pivoted. And some of that was just overachieving and finding hidden gems in Kenny Atkinson coaching his ass off and, and, and them overachieving. But I don't know, it it, it'll be interesting.

0 (1h 17m 46s):
Yeah, I wonder if they'd go all in on Mitchell and do the Danny age mid two thousands philosophy of we have to now it'll be easier to get the third, right? Because we've seen teams do that. I just don't know in the east where it goes. I am surprised that Sean Marks that they haven't shaken up the front office at all. This is pretty long time now the same group and You know they've been kind of zagging around with not a lot of highlights. All right, what's your next, what's your next one? What's your next bullet point?

8 (1h 18m 15s):
I could either go historical or a little bit wacky. What should you prefer?

0 (1h 18m 19s):
Let's go historical.

8 (1h 18m 20s):
Historical. I've heard some discussion and in the last couple of days about, and especially in the wake of Tim Bon temp at PN doing his latest MVP poll, YOIC winning a third time in four years. And the idea that we need to be mindful of history and we did this discussion a year ago too, right? As as as an NBA community could yoic get three in a row because it puts him in this elite territory. And is that my view of this has always been the season is the season and if you start trying to take too much of the historical into account and you're, you're a historian of the game Bill, like I think it can warp your thinking a little bit. And I get it.

8 (1h 18m 60s):
Like do we wanna put Yoic alongside You know guys like Wilt or Bird or whatever, but now that he's won the championship, I would hope that people who have that concern might tamp that down a little. And yet on the podcast the other day when Bon Tesson McMahon are talking McMahon I think it was, or I think it was Bon Temp said that he already had somebody saying, oh, You know Joch can't win it for a third time in four years. Even the, the list is, is this right? So the guys with three or more Moses, Moses, Malone, bird and Magic have three Wilton, LeBron have four, bill Russell and MJ have five, Kareem has six. So Yoic by winning a third, which seems likely right now will pull him out of the group of, of two where Giannis, Steph Nash Duncan, Carl Malone and Bob Petar and it'll put Yoic alongside Magic Bird and Moses, I know that still seems startling for people, especially for older fans to put him on on that level.

8 (1h 19m 52s):
But we don't, we bill, we don't literally put a guy on a level, right? We're not sitting here right now and saying Yoic is the equivalent of magic. We're just saying that this season, 2020 3, 24 especially once Embiid went down, 'cause Embiid was definitely leading the race at the moment. He went down it's, this is ICS to lose and who knows how this will go in the next couple weeks. But there was a landslide in in the straw poll,

0 (1h 20m 15s):
Don don't we kind of, we kind of know by the way the FanDuel, he's minus four I think. I think it's kind of a wrap.

8 (1h 20m 22s):
So if, if this is where it's headed, I don't think anybody should have any historical concerns with it. What do you think?

0 (1h 20m 31s):
I mean I'll, I'll go off the top rope on this. The four years that he just had are up there with any four year stretch of any great player. You know like Bird's best stretch was 84 to 87 and magic was probably 87 to 90. But you go through like the four year peaks of guys and what he did, it's freaking crazy. One of the things that I always loved to do with this stuff was if you just look, the most basic thing you could do is points per game, rebounds per game, assists per game where somebody ranks in the week, right? He's some of the, some of the combos if you just added like are you in fir, let's say you're in first place in points, you're in third place in assist.

0 (1h 21m 16s):
So that's one point plus three points and you're in ninth place in rebound. So combine that's 13. If you look at some of the stuff that he's doing and Luca's doing, it's stuff that is pretty rarefied air. I did this ironically for Illa Pat, we never ended up using it. If you go through the premise of you have to be in the top 20 in points, rebounds and assist, right? To qualify for this list and then you add the rankings of each number in the lowest possible number of wins. It's almost like golf. So Kareem in 1976 was an 18. So his, his three placements together added Up to 18. You go on through Bird did it four times.

0 (1h 21m 58s):
He had a 29 and 85 and 30 and 84, 32 and 81 and a 33 and eight two. But in the last seven years as the offense has gone up, all of a sudden this became way easier, right? Where you have Yoic had a 16 in 2022 You know how fucking absurd that is. You add his three places that only adds Up to 16. So he's at 21 this year. The best ever was Wilt Chamberlain in 1968, he was seven, he led the league and rebounds and assist and was like fifth in scoring. My point is every year he's always You know in the top three or four in rebounds and assists and he is like in the top 10 in points, his team's offensive rating is always in the top five.

0 (1h 22m 44s):
He's the most fun player to watch. He elevates his teammates more than anyone else in the league. His team wins. If Murray didn't get hurt, you could argue they might have had more than one title. They're, I think they're gonna win again this year. So if he ends up with two titles, like this is fine, this is kind of the pool he should be swimming in. I do people not think this

8 (1h 23m 6s):
A apparently that's still a thing. Like I said, I I it it hadn't really had, what

0 (1h 23m 9s):
What does he have to do?

8 (1h 23m 11s):
I know it's, it's weird you would and you would think the pressure release valve would've been the championship last year where it's like, oh well if he wins all these regular season Awards but he doesn't win the championship, then aren't those a little empty? Which again, these are separate things we vote at the end of the regular season for a reason. But I do think for those people who are cons and I get it, like if you think that you need some kind of validation that to as to be an all time great you, you need finals, you need championship, fine. He got his championship and his finals MVP and a few months from now he might be raising another one.

0 (1h 23m 41s):
Also the playoff performance has matched the regular season performance. Yeah, for sure. Which I think is a very important for, he's always been really good in the playoffs. You know And you think like, I just feel like that Murray injury took out two playoffs for him because of the timing of when the injury was. There's like he Murray could not have gotten hurt at a worst point in the season was right before one playoffs, so they couldn't even make a trade to try to save it and then it also took them out for the next playoffs and You know, I I just, I look back at that sons buck series and could, could they have made it that year? Absolutely. And then you go to 22, we, the Warriors won the title and I think the ceiling of the Nuggets team was probably slightly better than that 22 Warriors team.

0 (1h 24m 22s):
So don don't know I I just, to me this four year run is about as good as it's gotten since I've been watching basketball.

8 (1h 24m 28s):
Yeah. And and and that should speak for itself, right? No matter whatever hardware he won along the way, what he is putting up the numbers he has and his team is having the success it has, there should be no reservations about that.

0 (1h 24m 39s):
So, and the, and on top of everything else, the artistry of just like the game he had someday against Cleveland, they didn't just kick Cleveland's ass like he was fucking levitating above the game. He was throwing crazy passes and you're just dominating it. You know And that's the last piece when it's not just like you're great your team's winning the stats, but when you watch somebody just dominate another team

8 (1h 25m 3s):
And when it often looks kind of effortless.

0 (1h 25m 4s):
Yeah. And, and it just looks like he's like toying with them, which You know I, LeBron got to that point probably the last couple Miami years I felt like, especially in 2013 and then would have shades of it in Cleveland but then that 2018 where it just felt like he could just rip through anybody and get 40 points whenever he wanted. But it's a pretty rare place to get to. I think it's the reason people are so afraid of Luca this year because Luca has these moments where you wonder like, shit, could he do this four time in a playoffs series and would it matter who he's playing You know where he's just feels like he's levitating above the game. So anyway, what's your, what's your wacky one

8 (1h 25m 45s):
Spinning off of the the MVP discussion? I proposed this on a pod. I used to do a podcast with Zach Low or Rachel Nichols. We would do this once a year. We would split it between our pods and it was the drunk with power pod and we would just propose stuff no matter how ridiculous or or sometimes very practical and, and basic. I proposed this, it was mocked but I'm proposing it again here. I think the MVP ballot should go seven deep. So it it, this is not a major thing Bill and it would not change the outcome. Right? A a a sixth and seventh spot of the MVP ballot is not gonna change who wins. But look at the, the poll again that, that they just did where 10 guys got at least one vote.

8 (1h 26m 26s):
Jalen Brown getting exactly one vote. Guys who did not appear in the poll though, who did not get votes but I think could justify a fourth or fifth spot Zion Booker or Durant. Now there's games played issues for Booker potentially, although I think he's gonna make it in a normal year. Embi would've been on the ballot somewhere. So that pushes everybody down a spot. Donovan Mitchell could have been, he was arguably in the, in the discussion for again down ballot spot baseball goes 10 deep on their MVP ballot. 10

0 (1h 26m 59s):
Why? So we only have five because that's the way they've always done it because

8 (1h 27m 2s):
It's the way we've always done it. And I'm not saying like I, I got accused of this being like participation trophy territory, which okay, fair. It's just more like this. What happens sometimes after these votes is then fans say, well how come my guy didn't get more support? How come my guy wasn't even on the ballot? And I would say it's because You know everybody makes their own ch there's usually two or three guys who are truly in the race and four and five is usually, I think this guy had a great season but his team wasn't good enough. Or I think this guy's team was really good and he was pretty good and it's somewhere like he's in the discussion somewhere, right? Like You know Demonas Saboni got a couple of fifth place votes I think in in the ESPN poll. Yeah he's a good one.

8 (1h 27m 42s):
He wasn't on my, my ballot that I sent into bond temps, but he could have been Kawhi Leonard wasn't on my ballot. Could have been You know Anthony Edwards could have been. So if we have seven then more of the guys who are in that four to seven discussion or excuse me, that four five discussion, it becomes a four through seven discussion. And I think we have enough guys each year who merit that four and five spot. And if you do that then somewhere in the consensus of the a hundred voters that four and five might actually change. Because if you've got enough sixes it might make up for the fact that You know not enough guys, not enough people. Put your fifth. So

0 (1h 28m 16s):
This is a good point because somebody can get the fourth because some idiot voted somebody like in the A first place MVP and that just swung his points and all of a sudden

8 (1h 28m 25s):
He's fourth give top. Yeah, yeah. So it it's, it's just a thought like it's not the most important thing in the world, but it's something I've kicked around now. And then I also think we need a third all defensive team. But I think that one requires like CBA amendments because Hmm, anything, anything regarding Awards and having more guys being named something I think requires the the league and the union to, to approve it. But for the last few years I feel like especially like you start pulling people around the league, like who should be on the all defensive team? And that's something I, that's a conversation I always have because it's the, I think it's one of the harder ones we do, there's always more than than 10 that are deserving. We have three LNBA teams, why don't we have three L defensive teams?

0 (1h 29m 6s):
I would add a a 20 minutes and under a game spot I would've the two teams. But then some way to comme com commensurate our guy Jonathan Isaac. 'cause he just needs, if the goal of all the ballots is to be a snapshot of the season, like I yeah as you were talking I, 'cause I do, I love the random fourth or fifth place guy in the MVP voting. When you look back years later like so I went back 10 years 'cause I was like, what was the the the, the Noah year when I was like, oh man Noah had that awesome year. Noah was fourth in the MVP ballot in 2014. It went Durant, LeBron, Blake, Griffin, Noah James Harden Houston and then Steph Curry was six and Chris Paul was seven and Al Jefferson was eight in Charlotte.

0 (1h 29m 50s):
But like the MVP

8 (1h 29m 51s):
Al

0 (1h 29m 51s):
Jefferson, it's great. But then I think I just, I'm with you. It's fun to look at the four through seven guys and I, I think there's probably a better way to do it.

8 (1h 30m 0s):
And I can't back this up with any data bill, but, and the league will correct me if I'm wrong 'cause I know that they do. Look at this, I think we've had less randomness since we went to transparency. So about 10 years ago the league just moved and, and we were part of this, the Pro Basketball Riders Association had had had discussions with them about this. I loved it. So we went transparency, right? The thing with transparency, You know it's, it's it's pros and cons but the potential con is because everybody knows exactly how we've all voted. And now you, you might be worried a little bit about backlash or You know fan base is coming after you, especially in the era of social media, which is more of a recent phenomenon. And so does it, does it encourage more group think? Does it make people go with safer

0 (1h 30m 42s):
Bets? So, but I would say transparency and group think are on two separate lanes in the highway traveling next to each other and they're both separate problems that both feed into each other. 'cause the group thinks another thing, I think you saw it last year with Yoic and Bead. If we didn't know who was voting on that, I think that vote's different. I think some people are afraid to vote on Yoic 'cause they didn't wanna take shit. And if it's just like, oh this is an anonymous hundred votes. I'm telling you that vote's different.

8 (1h 31m 15s):
I I get what you're saying and I think I've heard you bring up versions of this before. The only thing I would push back on with that is, and I always say this like it's, and it's the obvious, like there's a hundred people voting used to be 125, I think it was 130 at one point. You just don't know how like it's everybody's in their own little bubble and like no, it's not like everybody's conferring. I just, I I always try to stay away from mind reading.

0 (1h 31m 37s):
But the league knows though of like, if somebody fucks up the vote, pull the vote.

8 (1h 31m 41s):
No, no, no. I, I get that. No. All I'm saying is with, with respect to the idea that people change the vote because of the stuff that Kendrick Perkins said and maybe it made people self-conscious or whatever and now people were, I don't it's I these are impossible to prove things. You have to be able to mind read or interview all a hundred voters and hope that they all told you the exact truth of

0 (1h 31m 60s):
I think it's the all NBA is the same like You know you basically have to put LeBron on the all NBA or you're like the a LeBron hater. LeBron's like Beyonce. I mean I'm gonna put LeBron on this year 'cause I think he's one of the best 15 players but last year I didn't and I didn't put him on. But it doesn't You know our job is to put the best people on

8 (1h 32m 18s):
For sure. But to the extent that transparency has maybe made people more self-conscious or maybe pushed some or inspired some group think or made people take, make safer bets, I think that's affected things like the four and five perhaps on the MVP. It would be really interesting and more fun I think if you've got more names involved and you have more names involved if you have a deeper ballot. So anyway,

0 (1h 32m 37s):
I like this. I can't believe Rachel and Zach made fun of this. I think it's a great idea. So this year Yoic is gonna win and then it'll be Luca Giannis, SGA, probably Tatum in some order. But then you also have Edwards' lingering Brunson's lingering. The Rans not, not insane. Halliburton I think would've been in the conversation, but the way he's played the last couple months, probably not. But there's probably eight guys. But it would be interesting, you could make a case, Edwards should be fifth or sixth. 'cause he's kept that team rolling. They You know they lose towns and he is taken a bigger responsibility. They're gonna be the one seat. It it seems like they have a real chance.

8 (1h 33m 18s):
Yeah. And if you do it, you're doing Edwards at the expense of probably Tatum or Brunson or somebody and, and you're, it's, it's that that that painful thing as a voter. And then of course again, like the fan base is justifiably would be saying like, I can't believe this guy could get more support. Well, if we had six and seven spots, more guys would get some of that support for the down ballot stuff that guys, I think have earned that res respect for, I guess the league's response could be, Hey, we took positions off all NBA so that you could reward more people without res now. 'cause now that is reflective of one through 15 in theory. Whereas before it was reflective of top six guards. Top six forwards, top three setters, and now it's more of a true one through 15. So I guess you could make the case that we don't need MVP to go, but I, I also think those are different Honors Bill, like I people debate this one too, but like, I think MVP, the winning and winning at a high level is baked in to the equation 'cause of the, of the V.

8 (1h 34m 10s):
Yeah. And, and with all NBA to me it's more about just individual excellence and the wins are a factor, but to me, not as big of a factor. I agree with that as mvp. So,

0 (1h 34m 21s):
Well, since you got a little goofy, I'll give you one and then I know we have to go, You know they added this Clutch Player award, which I, I don't think has really worked because you just look up the Clutch stats and it's like, oh, der Rosen has this and Curry has this Kyle turn the TikTok camera on. I don't know what you should call this award, but I know it should exist because if, if you look back at a season, I wanna know the blueprint. I'm like, who was in the N-B-A-M-V-P Rookie of the Year? Coach of the Year. Oh yeah, I remember that year. That was when this, this, and this. It should be a thanks for making the league more fun this year should be, be the theme of the award. I don't know if it's just called the thank you award or it's the most fun award or I don't know what you would call it, but it would go to the guy who like unexpectedly made the season more fun.

0 (1h 35m 12s):
And this year I think if we were talking about it, if I could figure out what the title of it was or whatever, but I, I think You know what I mean?

8 (1h 35m 20s):
It's like the Lance Stevenson award or something.

0 (1h 35m 22s):
Oh, so Rudy says the the League pass value award. I like this the LPV award. So we, if we had the league pass Value award or or League Pass Value Player award, the L the LPP, whatever, it's, it's Weby and it's probably Anthony Edwards and then Yage and then we would be arguing about it's gotta be Yage. No Yage won last year. That that's not, it's gotta be somebody. But it's would say the case for Ant and Weby would be like, we didn't have this last year, so it's almost like a cousin of the most improved award. But I think of like that first Blake Griffin Lo City Year.

0 (1h 36m 3s):
Right. Blake Griffin would've won that year, the year, the next year when Curry started hitting the threes. You're like, oh my God, this is amazing. I this, I can't believe we have this. I feel like that has to be captured in some way and it's not the most improved the word.

8 (1h 36m 15s):
Alright, so you're thinking this could be stars. This is not, I was thinking Lance Stevenson as somebody who's just like a role player who's goofy and makes us entertained. But you're saying more like guys who just actually you wanna tune in. You don't care what else happens in the game or whether their team's any good. You just wanna watch that guy. You were

0 (1h 36m 29s):
Just happy they were in the league this year and you got just an incredible amount of entertainment about them. I almost feel like it could be like Apex Mountain and re watchable where nobody really totally knows how to define it or what it means. Exactly. So maybe it's Up to each person. Like you might think Bowl, bowl I fucking love bowl, bowl. And it's like nobody, nobody's allowed to criticize your pick. 'cause it's, it's the pick for you. It's like I just love Bowlo and Bowlo comes in. That's my guy and he's my pick. I would, I would've had ant locked into this. But everything that's happened with Weby the last few weeks, I think it's now a, a two person race between those two. 'cause the Weby thing, some of the shit he was doing against and what was it, golden State the other night when Or Denver Who?

0 (1h 37m 13s):
Denver.

8 (1h 37m 14s):
Yeah, Denver. He blocked Yoic like three times

0 (1h 37m 17s):
Blocked Yoic. It was, it got to the point when Yoic was scoring on him, I was like, oh my God, he got one You know. And it was just like, this is the best part of the league. I I And then that one time Reggie Jackson challenged him. You know, and then Weby will come down and take a terrible three. But it was so much fucking fun to watch and I don know, it just feels like that should be an award. But what is that called then? So we call it the league.

8 (1h 37m 39s):
Well we, we used to have on, on Twitter, we'd say League Pass Alert hashtag John Schumann came up with that. Right. Hashtag league pass alert. It's like the league pass alert award. The guy who is most likely to light up your social media or your text with somebody telling you, dude, you gotta turn on the game right now to watch this guy. Right.

0 (1h 37m 54s):
So, so the league pass alert a word

8 (1h 37m 56s):
L-P-A-L-P-A-A, something like that.

0 (1h 37m 60s):
I don know.

8 (1h 38m 0s):
I'm just gonna say, I'm just gonna say right now I need a seven man ballot for this bill. We gotta I

0 (1h 38m 5s):
Oh, you wanna have it like a, like make like an all NBA team?

8 (1h 38m 8s):
We've No, we've already, we haven't even invented it yet. But I'm just, I'm gonna already start lobbying for more slots on my ballot just to make sure.

0 (1h 38m 13s):
I'm sure people will have ideas for this, but yeah, it, I, to me this is a better word than clutch because I don't, the clutch thing is stupid and I don't think anybody likes it and it doesn't make sense to me.

8 (1h 38m 24s):
It, it, it's, it's stat it, it's stat driven, which is fine. Then just make it stat driven. Just use the algorithm to say who was the most clutch by the right. The, the statistical and, and we don't need to vote on it. It's just, it, it's, it's by virtue of 'cause we're all looking at those stats anyway. nba.com stats has the, the clutch

0 (1h 38m 40s):
Stats. Yeah. It's too easy to figure out who it is. There's no You know, there's no discourse. Yeah. But the LPA award, now there's some discourse. All right. Alright, back. Have fun at the next game tonight.

8 (1h 38m 49s):
Thanks Bill. Good. See you.

0 (1h 38m 53s):
All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon and, and Steve for producing. As always, thanks to Sean f thanks to Howard Beck. Don't forget new rewatch coming on Monday night. Stay tuned for that. Check out YouTube com slash Bill Simmons as well for all the short and long videos from this podcast and from the re watchable and from my walk and talks as well. I'm definitely doing some walk and talks this weekend. So enjoy the weekend. Great, great, great, great great sports weekend. Hopefully the weather will get nicer around the country. We'll see. Enjoy the weekend. I'll see you on Sunday. Night

9 (1h 39m 44s):
On.

FanDuel (1h 39m 51s):
Must be 21 plus in President select states. FanDuel is offering online sports wagering in Kansas under an agreement with Kansas Star Casino llc. Gambling prom called 100 GAMBLER. Visit FanDuel dot com slash RG and Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia and Vermont. Call 100. Next step or text Next step to 5 3 3 4 2 in Arizona. 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org/chat Connecticut 809 with in Indiana 805 2 2 47 or visit ks gambling help.com at Kansas. 8 7 7 7 7 0 Stop in Louisiana, MD gambling help.org in Maryland. Eight GAMBLER DO net in West Virginia 805 2 2 4700 Wyoming. Hope is here. Visit gambling help helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7. Support of Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.