0 (1s):
Coming up, Illa and I talk. Basketball, basketball, basketball. And a whiff of Mac Jones. Thanks.

Peloton (8s):
This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Forget the pressure to be crushing your workout on day one. Just start moving with the Peloton Bike. Bike plus Tread Row guide or app. There are thousands of classes and over 50 Peloton instructors ready to support you from the beginning. Remember doing something is everything. Rent the Peloton bike or bike plus today at one peloton.ca/bike/rentals. All access membership, separate terms apply.

Old Spice (36s):
This episode is brought to you by Old Spice. Old Spice Sweat Defense Dry spray is exactly what your armpits have been dreaming about. This spray gives your armpits the ultimate defense with ridiculously long lasting sweat and odor protection power. It's made with patented motion activated technology, giving you the swaggering scent of confidence, which also happens to smell like lime and cedarwood. So get advanced Sweat Noor protection with Old Spice Sweat Defense dry spray. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to buy Now.

The Ringer Podcast Network (1m 8s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where have new re watchable coming on Monday night. Thanks to the Larry David rule. I gotta tell you what it is. Risky business, one of my favorite movies of the eighties, I can't believe we haven't done it yet. Tom Cruise's breakout role. This puts him, I think this is his 14th re watchable. So he's in the lead by two and we still have some cruise movies left that we have not done. Tom Cruise, our All Time Leader. So that's coming Monday night. You'll be able to eventually watch the video on youtube.com/ Bill Simmons as well where you can find quips and videos from this podcast and from the re watchable and sometimes some walk and talks. So go check it out.

0 (1m 52s):
Oscars was tonight when it was a really good telecast. I really enjoyed it. It felt like the Oscars again, Jimmy did great, no surprise, but just in general, like it just felt like the Oscars I grew up with, it moved. Had some good moments. The Ryen Gosling Ken Song was really fun. Tina Turner was the last person, new memoriam. I thought for sure it was gonna be Ryen O'Neill or Burt Erak. So that was an upset, but they didn't have betting odds for that. They did have betting odds for Emma Stone. And if you remember Matt Bellon and I on this podcast a couple days ago, that was our upset pick. It wasn't that much of an upset. She was like, plus one 30, plus one 40. But Emma Stone, best actress.

0 (2m 32s):
So we, we, we got that one. I may or may not have bet on it in real life. Don't tell anyone. Before we get to the podcast. Wanted to mention Marilla and I talked about the Rockets glowingly for a couple minutes actually in the, in the latter half of the podcast. And we taped everything before the Oscar started. So we didn't know Shang Goon got hurt, got wheeled off. It was like a knee ankle thing. They're gonna find out how bad it's tomorrow. But just wanted to flag that because it would be weird to listen to us praise the Rockets ins and not mention that got injured. The podcast is coming right now. Let's bring in our,

3 (3m 32s):
All right, we're taping this a little after two 30 Pacific Time. Doing a little early today. I wanna watch the Oscars. I love the Oscars wec. They, it's all screwed up. Daylight Savings

0 (3m 39s):
Time today. Then they move the Oscars to

3 (3m 41s):
Four o'clock pt. So

0 (3m 43s):
We're doing hoops now. Biggest thing, you're

4 (3m 46s):
Gonna watch the Oscars over Anthony Edwards against the Lakers. I'm

0 (3m 49s):
Gonna, I'm gonna have Anthony Edwards against the Lakers on another tv. I thought you, this is why we have multiple TVs. Thought we were friends hosting the Oscars.

4 (3m 56s):
Who's your friend?

0 (3m 57s):
Jimmy Kimmel. Oh shit. My old boss is hosting the Oscars. I wanna start here. I was

4 (4m 3s):
Like, what house

0 (4m 4s):
Is involved? We, we've been talking about the foul situation in the NBA. You I think did multiple opening segments about this new era we were in with the NBA, with guys diving into people, lurching into people. You started getting a ton of feedback. I was getting feedback vicariously just because we do podcasts together and I had people reaching out. We were in threads with multiple people. And then over the all Star break, something crazy happens. They actually change how they're officiating the games and we're all watching it and we're going, is this different? I went to two Laker games, I think I talked about it in a previous pot. I'm like, man, this is really physical.

0 (4m 45s):
Like I'm, I'm surprised the Lakers Nuggets game, I went to 17 free throws total. Just in general, something has shifted. Ethan Sherwood Strauss, our friend wrote about it for his substack yesterday too. But you noticed right away, right? When did you were, when were you like, oh, My God. They're actually changing this.

4 (5m 5s):
Just, I would say different freedom of movement plays where, you know, like sometimes when you're looking for it, you find it right? So as soon as I started thinking I was noticing it, then I felt like I was noticing even more. 'cause I was looking for it. But there's just certain plays that, you know, we can get into which ones you like or don't like and some of the numbers that Ethan shared. But like even, even today with the Clippers, like Norm Powell hooks a defensive player's arm now he exaggerated it pretty bad. Yeah. But then he got called for the foul and I was like, wait, okay, that's a little different. There was a play last night with Durant going up against Jalen Brown where I couldn't believe Jalen Brown wasn't called for a foul. Durant hits the bucket. 'cause he was incredible.

0 (5m 45s):
I, I can't wait to talk about that second half Durant was getting mauled,

4 (5m 49s):
Right? And so,

0 (5m 50s):
And was still, and he had 45 points. But it felt under the old rules, I think he would've had 60 because they would've called every single foul.

4 (5m 58s):
So the, the play, the single play that led me to lose my mind in a couple pods was just the drive where the offensive player is parallel to the paint. They're not even veering towards the rim and you're staying parallel with them as the defensive player. And then they veer into you at the last second and they kind of haul it up. I mean really, you know, Trey Young has done it a million times. So

0 (6m 19s):
Well, it's like if you're on a highway and a car, the car in the middle lane just veers into your lane and then they're doing the police report and it's like, whose fault was it? It was like the guy on the left, the guy who was just going straightforward. It's his fault, right? He's a hundred percent the blame. Is he?

4 (6m 35s):
So I don't know, you know, I don't know if this is the numbers, bear it out. Like pre Allstar game teams are averaging 115.7 points per game post Allstar game. It's 111.7. Free throws are down from almost 23 attempts to 20 attempts. But pre Allstar we're also

0 (6m 52s):
Talking three. Well, and the offensive ratings are down too.

4 (6m 55s):
Well we had

0 (6m 55s):
Like a bunch of people that were up that I think now there's still like a top six or seven, but then it's a pretty dramatic drop after that.

4 (7m 2s):
But you're also looking at 53 to 55 games. Pretty all star. Like eight to 11 games, you know, depending on the time that this podcast released today. So yes, I am noticing it, but there are other times where I'm like, man, it just looks like they're the defender's being more, he's just being allowed to be more physical, cutting off the driving path. That's the thing I'm noticing more. And it doesn't necessarily mean like foul non foul. It's just Oh wow. Like they collided there a little bit and they just let him keep playing. And by the way, I'm all for it.

0 (7m 32s):
Well there was another thing going on too. The Sharps picked it up immediately and were betting the unders. And the unders were hitting pretty huge before Vegas realized what was going on. I think started adjusting. But I have so many anecdotes from just watching basketball in person and then on tv. But the big, the big play that jumps out to me the most is the end of that Celtics Cavs game when Tatum, when he had that last possession and he dribbled up and Garland arm bars him and elbows him and it was all stuff just that nobody was getting away with. It was just more

4 (8m 1s):
Physical. But you think that was a bad, you think that was a bad overturn?

0 (8m 4s):
No. Oh no, not the fall itself. I'm talking about the way he was defending him before Tatum even shot the shot. What's changed now is when guys are trying to,

4 (8m 12s):
Yeah, the little, the little player in that matchup physically is gonna be allowed to do whatever he wants all the time. Yeah, fair.

0 (8m 16s):
So,

4 (8m 17s):
But I noticed T Tatu initiated, but go ahead.

0 (8m 20s):
Well he did, but I noticed that, I noticed with the game, I went to the Denver Lakers game Yoic when he was doing his kind of back down whirly, burly whirly burly thing. And the Lakers were just kind of clubbing 'em and they were just letting it go. I mean they didn't even get to 10 free throws in that game. And then last night, the Sun Celtics, it made me start wondering what is this change gonna do better or worse for the Celtics? 'cause defensively, you know, especially holiday and white now can ratchet it up a level. But on the other end I thought it was way harder for Tatum and Brown to kind of get to their spots and they played really well last night. But I was watching it going, man, if they were calling fouls like they normally did, I actually think the Celtics would be winning this game by 20.

0 (9m 2s):
It was just a lot of work to get the shots that they wanted. And when that gets to the playoffs, the reason I think this is so important, it's like who win? Who wins from this? Who wins from this change? And it's like, guess who wins the fucking heat? The Jason Borhees of the NBA. They're gonna take advantage of this the most and this is gonna benefit them the best. I think the Celtics with the guards, that's gonna really help them. And I think Minnesota would be the other team that if this is gonna be more physical, Minnesota's gonna be, even with or without towns, Minnesota's gonna be really hard to score against if Edwards and McDaniels at the top of the key are allowed to get a little more handsy with Gobert behind them.

4 (9m 40s):
Yeah, I think that's a really good call. Especially McDaniels because he lives in foul trouble and he's so aggressive. Now I know Minnesota fans aren't thrilled that the way the officiating ended the other night, and maybe we'll get to that Cleveland game, but I don't think too many, I don't think too many Minnesota fans were complaining about de officiating against the Pacers night. Previous to that the Anthony Edwards welcoming party to the rest of the world. But you know, McDaniels also had two really stupid fouls. So the foul on Garland at the end of the shot clock when he reaches back across into him is just, you just like the shock clock's back to expire. Like you have to be smarter than that in those spots. But now if you're, you're bringing out big picture because I started thinking about it too this morning, just going, alright, wait, if this is real, which I still think we need to see more than nine to 10 games of like, okay, everything's different now.

4 (10m 23s):
The league is different. Yeah, it's,

0 (10m 24s):
It's two and a half weeks now, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.

4 (10m 28s):
I, I just, I just know that whenever that feels like something becomes a priority, the tendency seems to be kind of default back to like what you're comfortable with. And I don't know if this happened, like the league's not, I don't think the league's gonna admit it. And then I also thought it was kind of funny that once it's happened, then the complaint becomes from the teams, some teams depending on which side of this argument they're on, of like, wait, you're just gonna do this in the middle of the season. And I read that stuff and I'm like, yeah, fucking right. Yeah, because it sucked before, right? So what's, what's your solution? Hey this thing that keeps happening that sucks, that puts defensive players in, in helpless situation. They have like literally no options on drives. Your idea is just ride it out for the next few months and then maybe we'll get to it this summer.

4 (11m 11s):
Summer, we'll

0 (11m 12s):
Change it in July.

4 (11m 12s):
Yeah. Like be happy if the league did in fact do this, that the league was like, you know, hey enough of this. I also wonder like how much of just the Allstar weekend, which you know, I don't, I don't have any time for, it's not for me. I don't care. I think complaining about it is probably more pointless. 'cause it's almost like people forget it takes 12 months and then they forget how bad it was the year before. Yeah. Like this year was not the first year that this isn't fun to watch. But you know, whether it was just this, this point of, of frustration, I, I don't know if any of the things are combined with it, but you're right. Like which teams, which players do you go, wait a minute, this actually now maybe ticks it their way. A couple points in advantage because of how physical they can be.

4 (11m 54s):
Especially, especially with the perimeter stuff because some of the teams, it looked like they felt helpless on the perimeter was just nothing you could ever do.

0 (12m 2s):
I wonder, I don't think this is a top three reason they did it, but it might be in the top five knowing that the Olympics are coming for the NBA and for a lot of the best players in the league that are gonna be playing for different countries and how drastically different those games are officiated than what we're watching over here. Like especially if, if the goal of the NBA is like, man, it'd be nice if team USA was able to pull off a gold medal. This was not the training ground this NBA season we have for how to play the FIFA rules, which are completely different, different flow. Nobody gets a call ever in fifa. I don't know, I thought I'd flagged that too. But the biggest thing for me is who wins from this?

4 (12m 44s):
Like who else do you think wins? Like who else do, because I think your McDaniels point is a perfect one. Like that might be the best example

0 (12m 51s):
I think. I think this hurts Denver a tiny bit because Yoic I felt like was officiated a tiny bit unfairly to begin with is a little bit of Shaq iis with how the referee's like, well he's so big, what are we supposed to do? But he does get mauled all the time. I

4 (13m 6s):
Think he gets his ass kicked all the time. So he does seeing a game after this. He just let it go. So, so I don't know if that's necessarily any different in the Lakers game than all the other times. Like as much as we both love Steve Kerr. I think his frustration after that Denver game when he had a lot of free throws was about some of the stuff, the bigger picture stuff that we're talking about. Yeah. When in reality like Yoic isn't the best person to use as the example. 'cause in comparison to the other players, like because he's in the post and because he is working slowly. Yeah. I think people are allowed to be way more physical with him because it's not out in the open with the ball heading towards the basket.

0 (13m 37s):
I think it's bad for the Knicks 'cause especially the, the Brunson centric when he comes back, but the Brunson centric offense they had tough one. You especially if you're allowed to be really physical against that, I think that could hurt them Sir Rudy's magic. We'll see, we'll see. You know, not, not that they're gonna be a four seed now that they're home court in round one probably now it's, we'll see how it plays out. But it's definitely, you know, even watching Durant last night who's having an incredible offensive year, I mean his numbers, I wanna talk about that later, but his numbers at age 35 compared to the other seasons in his career, like the percentages are actually higher now.

0 (14m 18s):
Does that have to do with how they're calling the games, the free flowing play, all that stuff. First is just, is he figured out a way Brady style to actually get better, as he said his mid thirties. I don't fully understand it, but you know, he's like a 53, 45, 86 guy percentage wise, this is the best percentages he is ever had. Even yesterday there was a point in the Celtic game and the Celtics played well last night. Like that was about as as without poor Zynga, that's about as well as they could play. And and Durant was like 15 for 20 at one point. Did you see that? Well yeah,

4 (14m 51s):
It showed us

0 (14m 52s):
Stats

4 (14m 52s):
Every time you're like, all right, Boston's got this, Boston's got this. You're like, something would happen. No they don't. Yeah. And look, I, you know, I was curious to see how they would look after the Cleveland loss and I think we should probably talk about the Denver loss at some point or the Denver win. I wanna do

0 (15m 5s):
That next.

4 (15m 6s):
Yeah. Alright. But staying on this though with the, the scoring part of it, like in in what motivated this stuff, whether it was complaints from teams or you know, just watching enough in the first half of this season where you went, wait is this, is this what it is now for offensive players? And you had the MB game, you had the towns game, you had the Booker game in there. Yeah. And Booker's always good for like one crazy one. The funniest thing I think is like how the Luca one became negative and I know ma fans turned it into somehow the, this massive campaign to be against Luca when I, I think it's as simple, it was just he was the, the guy that scored his points after the other guys did.

4 (15m 47s):
And then it became not so much how great is Luca but like what the hell is going on in this sport? Right? Because I would tell you that I thought Luca's game the most impressive out of all of those games because he could have shot even more if he wanted to against Atlanta. But he was actually making the right reads 'cause they still had to win that game. You know, as bad as Atlanta's defensively. Like I don't know what Pop was trying to do to win Bema in that Embiid game. Like yeah just, we're just never gonna bring a double and we're just gonna see like we're

0 (16m 16s):
Lead. That was weird. Yeah. Yeah. I think Pop had a dinner reservation like 10 minutes after the game that he was trying to get to. He just let, like

4 (16m 23s):
That's what was so scary about MBS night that it was so easy. Yeah. Where when I looked at Luca I went, he still has to make the right basketball play with the way this game is playing out. But because Luca's was after those guys then I just know, I think you know it as well how it works when you're at ESPN and it's, okay, what's the topic today for the shows the topic pivoted from Oh, My God MBI had 70. Like how great is he to, this is the fourth guy to do this in a very short amount of time. Like what the hell's going on? Yeah. And you know, a lot of, a lot, look, we've we've said for a couple years,

0 (16m 60s):
Well the fifties, the fifties were as bad when it was just 50 used to really mean something when somebody had 50 like, oh, My God, that guy had 50

4 (17m 6s):
50. I know.

0 (17m 7s):
And then 50 is just, I feel like, what, how many guys in the league do you, would you not be surprised by a 50 point game from at least 30?

4 (17m 16s):
Yeah. Depending on the circumstance. You know, who else was hurt or whatever. Because like

0 (17m 21s):
Jalen Brown can have a a 50 point game at this point. I never would've been a million years thought he was gonna score 50 points in a game. Yeah. But it's probably gonna happen or maybe not. Now that we have these new rules,

4 (17m 31s):
Should we try to come up with how many guys you'd say no to 50 Bones Hy Could Bones Island get 50,

0 (17m 36s):
Maybe could Right. Situation playing for a lottery team.

4 (17m 42s):
The mere coffee I, I got, I got Clippers on the mind after they came today. So

0 (17m 46s):
Every team has two guys who could probably have gotten 50 under these old rules. Do you, do you wanna pivot to Boston? Denver, did we hit this enough? I I guess the only other thing I

4 (17m 56s):
Oh, we talk about it. I, I wanna, well do you have more on this or do you want to go to Boston? Denver?

0 (18m 1s):
The only thing I would say on this, and then we can move to Boston Denver, is the amount of private discourse about what was going on with the rules and how mad people on the different teams were versus what was being discussed publicly. I thought there was a pretty big disparity. I, I really feel like the feeling I got and I think you got, you felt the same, especially after you started really talking about it, people reaching out to you is that people in the league felt like this was a crisis. Like this was like, if we don't fix this, this might not, we might not be able to pull this back. Like this might become what basketball is. And I think people were just like this, this sucks.

0 (18m 41s):
It's a bad product. It's hard to coach. It's making guys who are mediocre players look good and it's making good players look great and this is bullshit and we have to fix this. So I don't know if Adam went to All Star weekend and was talking to a bunch of people about it or what happens. He also has, Joe Dumars is really important behind the scenes now. And I think, you know, a little like how Theo Epstein was tasked with, Hey can you, can you help us fix baseball? Do you have any ideas? And then he really put time and thought and energy into it and studied and came up with changes. I think Dumars has been involved beyond the scenes.

4 (19m 15s):
I wouldn't be surprised by that. And you know, I know that there's always like a reminder of of when you think people like you, like how often I would take calls from teams to bitch about other media members.

0 (19m 28s):
Right?

4 (19m 29s):
I know you and I have talked about this so I've never been delusional enough to think that I haven't been the subject of somebody calling another media member to be like, that was solo guy sucks, right? Yeah. But having, having said that, with the understanding, knowing that it lightly likely almost certainly exists. I didn't get one team to reach out to me to tell me I was wrong after I did my

0 (19m 52s):
Yeah. Nobody's like, you're crazy. This is great.

4 (19m 54s):
No, no. And I, there are people that I think I'm close enough with that have been like, Hey, I think you're off base on this or you're nuts or here's what you should look at. Or it was across the board. Keep talking about this.

0 (20m 5s):
Yeah, totally. That's what made it so interesting was like, please, maybe you'll make a difference. It was like be picketing outside silver's office. Me

4 (20m 15s):
Like year, year 2029. Just me at the center court heroes among us,

0 (20m 22s):
Right? His monologue on a January 15th podcast was the catalyst. Let's take a break. We'll do Boston, Denver. All right. So I talked about Boston Denver on my Thursday night podcast after the game. You did not talk about it 'cause you did not have a podcast the next day. So finish the sentence for me. The gap between Boston and Denver is.dot

4 (20m 52s):
Insurmountable.

0 (20m 55s):
Okay. Explain.

4 (20m 56s):
So I don't think it's necessarily wide, I just don't think we were talking a little bit, lemme say it this way about, you know, how many players could kind of carry a team for a, for a night, right? How many players could carry a team all by themselves against a really good team? And then I started thinking of like the unsolvable question of who's playing today that's unsolvable. You know, is Giannis actually unsolvable or is there maybe some little plan that you could put in? And then it starts to become a really, really short list. And I'd say like Luke is unsolvable and then beyond that it's Yoki and Boston tried some different things. Maybe they needed to try even more things they went to Drew late, it just doesn't really matter.

4 (21m 37s):
And watching the two games they match up. Like we all know how good Boston is. I just don't think that they're better than Denver. I don't think it was fluky. You know, it's funny how people can pick and choose where it's like, well Tatum had an off night. She's like, yeah, but Jalen Brown went insane. Yeah. It's like, oh, didn't make enough threes. It's like Denver shot 19% from three. All right. Yeah. So whatever the gap is, I, I'm not gonna sit here and say it's this massive gap. It just feels like because of Yoko right now for Boston it's an insurmountable gap. Is that so you know it, I don't, I don't have distance for you. Like what do you think? Do you think it's fluke? Do you think it's solvable? Like where are you at with those two teams?

0 (22m 12s):
I think the series would be very similar to what the Lakers Nugget series was last spring where the games were close and then in the last six to eight minutes, Denver just out executed the Lakers 'cause they had better options and they had the Yo Mariachi code, the Boston piece of it. I just don't feel a hundred percent comfortable. I'm gonna love the shot when it's one 15 to one 14 with a minute 40 left. I just don't know if I'm gonna love whatever shot is about to happen. And that's the hardest thing to get over. I don't think Tatum's the player he is, I still don't think he's a finished product. And you really feel it in some of these games.

0 (22m 52s):
Whereas Denver Yoko, I don't know if he's a finished product, but he's pretty goddamn close and he's super comfortable and knows exactly what he wants to do. Mahoney, I don't wanna repeat what Mahoney and I talked about on Thursday, but it's like that guy just knows, oh, you're gonna do this then I'll do this. Oh, you're gonna do that, I'll do this. And you, there's just no way to fight it. It's the last time I can remember anything like this was the 17 Warriors, that first Warriors team when they really figured out the Durant, curry, clay, the spacing and just like, oh, you're gonna guard Durant with that guy. Okay. And they'll ride that, oh you're, you're getting a little lazy chasing curry around this ground. Where are we gonna do this? And there was just no way to stop it. And Denver like, you really have to hope that their bench sucks or that Porter sucks.

0 (23m 38s):
You're hoping like the friend or that Murray's gonna take too long to get going. But anything relating to Yoic, he's just gonna get, he's gonna get to 32, 13 and 16 in any game he wants. And in the end of the game you're, he's gonna have a 70% chance of getting a basket. So when I think about like what team can beat them, maybe it's the Celtics if they're taking a bunch of threes, but to me the model is more like that Booker the rant, like that Sunday game a week ago where it's like, all right, you're gonna score, but we are too and we're gonna try to score more than you did and you're gonna score 20 points in the last four minutes of this game and we're gonna score 22. And that's how we beat you. But that's it. I still think it's unrealistic in a seven game series to beat those guys four times.

0 (24m 21s):
Like I don't know what their odds are to win the title, but I, to me they're like almost prohibitive favorites. I think it's gonna be so hard to beat those guys, don't you? Yeah.

4 (24m 30s):
Yeah. I'm there especially with the Clippers Cooling here and you know, granted Kauai and Paul George didn't even play today against Milwaukee, even though they're incredibly competitive and then they weren't gonna keep up the the 25 and six pace, but when they got it rolling but throughout it all their, their defense still wasn't necessarily that great. And yet when you look at Denver defensively, the profile of it last year, it's like, well it doesn't really matter. It just like, I watch basketball and I go hard or easy, harder or easy. Tatum has that three Boston almost steals that one. Yeah, because that's what that would've been. Because for two plus hours I'm like, man, this feels hard for Boston and for Denver it just feels easier. Well

0 (25m 10s):
You know why they almost stole it? 'cause Drew hit two crazy threes in a row when the game was basically over and it was like, whoa. It was like he threw, you know, he did like the Superman punch to get the Celtics back in the game. It's like, where'd that come from? And then all of a sudden the momentum flipped in like five seconds. But yeah, Denver felt like they were in control the whole time. Right now Celtics are plus two 10 on FanDuel and Denver is plus four 20. And that makes no sense to me. But you know, their job is to put the odds, try to get public betting. Like I know Boston's more of a public team, but Denver is, Denver should be the favorite.

4 (25m 42s):
They should be the favorite. And I, you know, I just know every one of the models like even going all the way back to 22 all the way back, right? Two years ago. But when you'd see some of the stuff that was up on Boston's profile and it was like 88% chance of winning the NBA finals and you're just like, look, they're good, but what? Yeah. Like, and whatever it is, it's, it's been this, this group that's obviously been overhauled here a bit with Drew and Pingus and you know, smart not being involved, they're a better team now. And look at it this way, I was going through the strength of schedule remaining teams. Like Denver's got the easiest of any of the teams in the top four, right? OKCs gonna have

0 (26m 21s):
Minnesota just lost towns,

4 (26m 23s):
Right? But if you're just looking at like opposing schedule, Denver's got the 24th toughest schedule so you could frame it a different way. But Boston, they've got the easiest schedule and the winning percentage of combined opponents is four 15. Miami has the second easiest one and the combined opponent winning percentage is 4 46. Like there's a massive gap when you look at the strength, the schedule that's remaining for Boston. So Boston, you know, won 11 straight and yet you can still find a way after the Cleveland loss go like, what is it? Oh it was Dean Wade, you know, it was Dean

0 (26m 55s):
Wade had zero points two nights later and 33 minutes, literally zero points. I

4 (26m 60s):
Knew you would probably be like, gimme Dean Wade's line immediately. I need to know,

0 (27m 4s):
I look at, I look at the Cleveland Box score every game. 'cause that was such a stupid loss where Dean Wade just leaves his body for 20 minutes outta nowhere.

4 (27m 11s):
But when I went back and watched, I was like, you know, you guys meaning the Celtics, like you guys just decided to lose Dean Wade, like after he'd hit four and he was like pay

0 (27m 20s):
Maybe called time out and be like, Hey guys, I

4 (27m 22s):
Know you wanna blame Missoula. How about

0 (27m 24s):
Box Out? I'm blaming him,

4 (27m 25s):
Right? Joe Jr. Holiday's, terrific. Keep an eye on the guy you have to defend. Yeah. And in that spot, Dean Wade gets the offensive rebound all this. So it's, it's just, it's a constant cycle of Boston they, they lose to Cleveland and then it's like, ah, this team. And you're like, they just won 11 straight though. But I thought the Denver game was one of the most revealing games of the season for the Celtics because it just shows you, you can say the gap is massive. You can say the gap is thin. I just think the best way to frame it is that because if Yoku it's, it's insurmountable. Like if you keep Pingus in, clearly they stayed single coverage with him with Pingus for a good chunk of the, the first half of the game. And like, you know, that's not gonna work.

4 (28m 6s):
But then if they bring in another big like Tillman or Horford and then keep Pingus out there, then now you don't have to have Yoko. You defend Pingus to take him away. Yeah. So now he is not playing as much defense and then they went with Drew Holiday. Like the biggest thing is trying to figure out how to limit Gordon's threat in the dunker spot when he's running the baseline off of all the shit you wanna do with Yoic, you have to figure out a way to limit his impact. And Boston did a bad job of that. And I think physically it might just be really hard for most teams to have the second guy, whoever that is, whether it's a slow power forward or an undersized four. Like hey, this beast of a guy who can jump out of the gym is gonna get all these incredible passes. He's gonna make the right cut.

4 (28m 47s):
He's figured out that role perfectly. We saw it in the Lakers game. Yeah. And that, that dunk that he had where he caught it off the rim and threw like for an in-game dunk. That's one of the best in-game dunks you're gonna see.

0 (28m 57s):
Totally agree with Gordon. Now we're doing the thing, we're just agreeing with each other. The thing with Gordon, I don't know how long he's been playing with the cage, what's it been like? Is it three years now? Three and a half? Three

4 (29m 10s):
Plus, yeah. Yeah.

0 (29m 12s):
It's just nuts watching the how attuned they are to each other at this point. You know, we, we've seen it with all the great teams that had extended runs going back to the eighties where the guys, they hit this other level where there's a familiarity that becomes an advantage and he now has that, YOIC has that now with Gordon and with Murray where he just, they, they've just had too many reps now. And so when you're competing against him, you're also competing against the reps. And Gordon just always knows what yo is gonna do even when you're watching it live and you're like, oh he's gonna shoot that. Oh no that was actually an AlleyOOP. Like it's just Gordon's the only one in the building, who knows it's gonna be an AlleyOOP and they've just leveraged this dude who, how many guys would you want in that Gordon spot over the last 25 years Who would just be like, I don't care if I shoot that much.

0 (30m 1s):
It's basically like what the Suns always wanted for Sean Marion, right? Hey man, just play defense and be around the rim and get, and they

4 (30m 9s):
On the break but then they were big on like remember D'Antoni was like I want you to shoot more. And it was one of those things of like the coach having the confidence in you to shoot more than you become a better shooter because of it. Yeah. So I think you're right about early Marian, but one of the great that's things about him is he evolved into somebody that like, oh wait, we actually have to go out to the corner with him. Funny

0 (30m 25s):
Thing, did you ever think that was going in?

4 (30m 28s):
I thought he got, I don't know what the numbers are off the top of my head. I just thought eventually he was like somebody you had to worry about out there. But Gordon, you know, and you're sitting there trying to think about like what do you do with Denver? And now you're seeing teams just ignore Gordon when he is positioned on the perimeter. Like, 'cause they're just trying to do whatever they can. It's like the only thing people can do with Oklahoma City, if Giddy is in with the starters, it's like, all right, sag off of Giddy, hoping, hoping the help is closer to this SGA stuff that you have. But SGA is just surrounded when you go through the Thunder shooters, you just go, wait that guy's at 40, that guy's at 45. Yeah. Like are you kidding me? It's like six dudes you gotta worry about. So it spaces all out perfectly for SGA. So the only thing you're noticing defense is doing be like, let's just sell out and tell Giddy to shoot the entire time.

4 (31m 10s):
Gordon's at like 28%. He had a couple years there where he was like 34, 35 from three where it felt like he at

0 (31m 16s):
Least kept you honest. That would be a good spectrum. Like who do you think has been left alone by the most feet this season? He's Gordon will have somewhere. There's nobody within seven, eight feet of him. They're just like, fuck it, go ahead man.

4 (31m 30s):
You think it's Draymond

0 (31m 32s):
Oh? yeah, you're right. It's Dreman. That would be a good Allstar team. And

4 (31m 35s):
He is been shooting well this year too. So it's, it's not, it's not so much the percentage, it's it's how many of these are you gonna burn us with? You know? Like you can be like, oh this guy's at 40%. Like cool, he's, he's taking one point at a game. But they, it's

0 (31m 49s):
Really cool. It makes you wonder like how many guys are over the last like four since we started watching basketball, how many guys are like a Gordon type that they just never found the right situation and they kind of came and went and they had a solid career.

4 (32m 3s):
Everybody wanted to be a small Ford, remember 'cause of his athleticism and he had looked like enough handle. And coming at Arizona, I remember talking to teams going like, man, it's this guy. Like if you right, we get him in and we're like, you've gotta be kidding me with physically what he's capable of doing. But the idea,

0 (32m 18s):
Remember Celtics loved him for years.

4 (32m 20s):
Well alright but it full, you know, calling myself out here when he was the hot name on the trade market, I kind of was like, have you paid attention to who he, he's been in Orlando? 'cause it's, yeah, probably a little disappointing. I mean there's a reason they're trading this guy even after the next contract. And what

0 (32m 36s):
And the trade was bad. You go back in that trade it, it feels like it's 30 cents in the dollar. It seemed, it seemed more reasonable at the time

4 (32m 43s):
Than looking back. He was just stuck. He was just stuck and it wasn't really working out. And you know, credit Denver clearly knowing better than I would've at the time that it's like no, when you get somebody with Yoic, like if you put Gordon's metrics up against his Denver metrics, like it's two different people. Yeah. Right. So he turned into this because of him. But you're right, it's the perfect compliment.

0 (33m 6s):
So we'll cross off Denver, give me a, I didn't tell you we're gonna do this. Gimme a one word answer. I

4 (33m 14s):
Love it.

0 (33m 14s):
On why each team will not win the title one word. You. It's like password plus it's like a sixties game show one word, Boston. Why won't they win the title?

4 (33m 27s):
They won't have the best player on the floor.

0 (33m 29s):
That's not one word.

4 (33m 32s):
Insatiable. Insatiable. One word. One word. What is this fucking

0 (33m 39s):
Step here? One word. It's it's a fucking sixties game show. I should have prepped you. No,

4 (33m 44s):
No, that's fine. I, I don't, I like this. It's like when I did it with Chauncey Billups and turned into a spoken word thing and I jammed him up, it wasn't the best interview I've ever done. One word. One word.

0 (33m 55s):
Let's run the, let's run the audio. Audio chay

4 (34m 0s):
Limitations.

0 (34m 2s):
Oh, I like it. I would've said Alpha because at some point in the playoffs that you, it becomes alpha versus Alpha and I'm not sure Tatum has the bag yet to match a couple of the guys that they might have to play in a playoff series.

4 (34m 17s):
And it sucks for cha 'cause it's literally a couple guys.

0 (34m 20s):
Yeah. It's like, oh no, you're not one of the three best guys at the end of the game. But yeah, it's, if it's him versus Yoic. I'm just betting on Yoic. What do you got for Cleveland? I'll go first.

4 (34m 35s):
Go ahead, go ahead. I I I came up with one but go ahead

0 (34m 40s):
Clumsy.

4 (34m 42s):
Okay. Sell me on clumsy.

0 (34m 45s):
I'm not sure there are five guys. The five guys, they want to be their five guys together. I'm still, it still feels a little clumsy to me. I don't, I don't know if it's a five. That totally makes sense yet.

4 (34m 60s):
I think that's good. Do you think Clumsy is as good or better for Phoenix?

0 (35m 5s):
Phoenix would be health for me. It's like ah, if we get him back, oh when he comes back it's just, that's that's the team They've been for five months and Duran has been healthy the whole time. He's put 57 games like, ah, we need him back. It's like, eh, Beal's been injured three different times already this year.

4 (35m 20s):
When you look at their fourth quarter numbers, I mean they're horrifying, right? They're differential. It's the worst in the league I think. Or at least it was going into the fourth quarter the

0 (35m 28s):
Night. Yeah, the rings clutch numbers are bad.

4 (35m 30s):
But I don't never know what to do with any of their numbers because you go, well, because they're a different version every couple weeks. Yeah. So what's, what's their thing? Like when I watch Phoenix, I go, what's their thing that they go to other than if booker's initiating and the team's defending the high screen a certain way then you know where Booker's gonna get to his spot. Like I can envision that. I think there's a lot of times where Durant has to get it off the dribble. 'cause then if he's not, he's like waiting to watch it happen to the other side. Other, so I don't know that they really kind of know what their finishing move is because they're just, there's this not a, maybe continuity would be a better word for Phoenix.

0 (36m 7s):
Continuity is a good one. So Mahoney and I talked about them on Thursday and basically came up with this that there's

4 (36m 13s):
Talk about this Mahoney guy a lot, dude,

0 (36m 15s):
Well there's the four teams in the one foot, the four contenders and then there's six more teams. Right? And the question was, if you were gonna rank those two groups, would you put Phoenix just in the second group or would you put them in kind of their own group? Because the upsides a little different than the other teams in that group. New Orleans, Dallas, the Lakers, golden State and

4 (36m 38s):
I put 'em in their own group. I like it. I I think that's what you have to do

0 (36m 41s):
With them. Yeah, that's, that's where we landed because we, I it's just I think the ceiling of what they can do where they're just like, we're just gonna, you're gonna score 1 22. We'll score 1 24 is just a little higher with the Durant Booker combo. I mean you think about the year they've had, I didn't think would stay healthy this long. He did. I didn't like Grayson Allen at all. He's been awesome. Like I don't even know what he's worth now in free agency he might be like a, you know, 70 million for four years type of guy. And Durant has been healthy and really good all season. So if you told me those three things for the year, I would've thought we would've been higher on them. But we just haven't seen it. They just can't keep those dudes together.

0 (37m 22s):
What would your word be for Milwaukee?

4 (37m 26s):
Better because they're better. They just are, the defensive numbers have spiked up. I think even though it was weird tonight or today I should say against the Clippers. Like once they figured out what they wanted to do with Harden and get the ball out of his hands and then Harden waited like way too long to decide to become an offensive player. I think he had his 12th and 13th points to two minutes left in the game and then harden's like I better start chucking my way back into this one. Yeah. But I was really impressed I'd say on the whole, you know, what are they 10 and nine now with Doc? There's a lot of good jokes to make. When he had taken over, we knew how bad they were defensively and all that stuff. Look, they're still gonna have some problems on the perimeter defensively. Like DeAngelo Russell's incredible night against him the other night, which was just an all timer, but he beats Lillard on the perimeter.

4 (38m 10s):
Yeah. And Brooks kind of caught in that like I would love to know what their rule on that would've been is like, hey, at that point with Russell, do you know just sell out on him because Lillard's probably gonna get beat and you have to bring Brook up. The point is, is that I've just seen better defense from them and that other game where Lillard didn't have anybody and he had to go off, he did, you know, ends up with 40 in that game. So I just think that they're better and they need to be taken. I don't care what the standings are, I think they need to be taken more as a serious threat despite always having a really good record throughout how frustrating so many months of the season's been because of the standard that they're held to.

0 (38m 46s):
You know, I'm the body language doctor,

4 (38m 48s):
I know you've been great at it. I

0 (38m 51s):
Don't know what, what form of MD this is, but I'm also like the quote, the quote doctor, I like reading the quotes, especially when a team has a change. If you read the quotes that some of the Bucks players have about what's going on, like to me it feels legitimate. Like Lopez just had a long paragraph quote about how everything's been simplified and everyone's on the same page now and it's stuff you don't say unless you actually think, oh we've, we've figured shit out. Whereas like when things are going badly, you, the quotes will be different. Right. and they were different for the Bucks three months ago where it's like, yeah we just, they

4 (39m 29s):
Were bad. They were, I mean you're being nice about it. They were pretty bad. Yeah.

0 (39m 32s):
It's like we're just not good enough right now and we've gotta figure out a better way to dot, dot, dot. And just things where you're like, oh that's not good. That sounds bad. And now they flip that and Middleton isn't back yet and they, Jay Crowder actually looked semi playable in the Clipper game today. So if they can get even 20 minutes outta him, Portis has been really good for them lately. You know, it's like

4 (39m 55s):
Two months with Portis and the big Lillard game was the other Clippers game back there where they won. Right. Where I think Jay only played 18 minutes in that game. So I'm not, I'm not necessarily there with you as Crowder as as an option here.

0 (40m 9s):
But listen, they're gonna need swings in the playoffs for, they're gonna need probably three to four guys if they're playing Boston that can at least not get the shit kicked out of them by Tatum and Brown. And they're gonna need Crowder or Connotate. One of those guys is gonna have to play better. How many guys have had their best game in the season against Dame if you had to guess? Oh, I kinda wish I'd looked this up. Halliburton had a game against somewhere. I think it was like send it to the hall of Fame. But I think guys, if, if I was a point guard and it was like, oh Milwaukee. Oh, like if I'm Darius Garland, I'm like Oh, yeah these guys can't wait. I'm gonna try to go for 50.

4 (40m 47s):
Yeah, he's, it's bad, it's that bad. He's just bad defensively but their overall numbers are dramatically better now. So that's that you already knew it. Yeah and that was the win. It's why this summer when they ended up getting him, and of course you're in favor of getting Dame Lillard, but there's always like some local reporter that's willing to write the, you know, Dame's not nearly as bad on defense as people say. And then it's like, no he's, it's okay. Yeah, he's awesome. Everybody

0 (41m 11s):
Over and over again, he comes through in last three, four minutes of these games and he did it today with the Clippers again. He has a knack for, he makes the one or two or three biggest shots of the game. What's your word for OKC? I would go size. I think that's pretty easy.

4 (41m 24s):
Yeah. Rebounding. They're depending on, I don't know, I looked at it this week. They're the second worst rebounding team in the league and there's just the eyes back it up. There's certain nights with them in a matchup against another guy where you're like, it's just really hard for them in the glass here. and they, and they

0 (41m 39s):
Also put a lot on Che where it's, this dude's like 20. Yeah, it's so if Che has a bad game, you guys basically are gonna get out rebounded by 20. Now

4 (41m 47s):
I'm not worried about his injuries because I'm like, he survived this season. Right. And the number of times where I feel like he is twist, what's the game? It's like a game of twister on the base twist line twist. Yeah. Underneath the basket after the play has happened and it's just limbs all over the place and he's like getting up and I'm like, man, I've, I just feel like I've seen that too much. Who

0 (42m 6s):
Are your top five? Oh no guys. 'cause obviously Pingus is one for me, but I think Chet's too where it's like three times a game you just feel like Chet is just got hurt or is about to get hurt and he's always like, he's Who is it?

4 (42m 20s):
Weby is definitely one

0 (42m 21s):
For me. Oh, WEBY is a good one. Yeah, he's in the top three.

4 (42m 24s):
Probably a good one. I think Durant

0 (42m 25s):
Durant's a good one. Durant takes some hard kind of stumble where like two times he had it yesterday in the second half of the Celtic game he fell backwards and he like flung the ball forward but it looked like his knee. He looked like nano in the, in the Joshua fight. Like he just kind of fell straight back.

4 (42m 43s):
You know what, when LeBron when he is checking for blood, I'm just devastated the edge of my seat. And then when there's no blood, I'm, I'm the most relieved person in America. Every

0 (42m 53s):
Time there's no blood, it's, it just seems like this is the time where it's gonna happen. What's your one word for Minnesota?

4 (43m 2s):
I would say, well it's, it's two words so I can't, I, this is really, I need a the source in front of me. You

0 (43m 10s):
Can do two words. That's fine.

4 (43m 11s):
I would just say closing, closing, closing is good. Alright. Closing. Closing. And it's really about closing offense. I'm not worried about the closing defense whatsoever. So even though, you know, Kat's not exactly my favorite player of all time, depending on his health, like he provides some version of spacing and as much as we all love Ant like I, are you really gonna be able to do this on your own for multiple

0 (43m 31s):
Playoffs? 7 27 27 the day after his great game in

4 (43m 33s):
Cleveland. Yeah, that wasn't great And it was a bad

0 (43m 34s):
First quarter, you know. You know who was over for breakfast today? At my house? Yeah.

4 (43m 38s):
Jimmy Kimmel. Yeah,

0 (43m 40s):
The Ewing theory community committee. 'cause they were in town to see Minnesota with Nas Reed in towns spot. They just wanted to check it out. Towns

4 (43m 50s):
Took me a bit,

0 (43m 52s):
Towns checks a lot of the boxes, man. Wow. It's like, oh no, they've lost towns. That would be a good, whoa. Their season's over. It's like, is it?

4 (43m 60s):
Yeah, that's a good segment. If we have nothing, if you have nothing like I'm on vacation and you just go top five closest Ewing theory

0 (44m 9s):
Ee. So I, when I wrote one of my first columns ever for page two was 2001 and I wrote the whole Ewing theory, which was from my old site. Dave Elli was the guy who came up with it. I blew it out, had all these like rules and one of the guys I picked in 2001, like it was somewhere in the spring summer was Drew Bledsoe. And when Brady got hurt, I wrote the column right after and I was like, the Ewing theory, this is it. The test is here. Tom Brady Ewing theory, I'm all in. You can go back and read it but, and then he fucking Ewing theory all the way to the Super Bowl. But Nas Reed's good and it's like, I guarantee Nas Reed is is like, oh no, I have to play more minutes.

0 (44m 51s):
Like Nas Reed is like, this is my time. He was unbelievable the other night. That game was awesome the other night. But he was really great. The Pacers game, right? Yeah. And I, I think, I think, I don't know, I like there obviously it's not good to lose towns, but there is, there is some Ewing theory stuff there. Last one word, team Clippers

4 (45m 14s):
Health.

0 (45m 19s):
Yeah, I'd go, I, yeah, health is the right word. That's fine.

4 (45m 25s):
Although they've got Norm Powell 24 Savage filling up the box score. So

0 (45m 32s):
If he could play a couple games here and get some stats, I think he plays himself into the six man because it's him and Monk I think are the two best six men. Just eye test watching games where it's like, oh, that guy's feeling it and they can swing like two and a half to like every two and a half weeks. They'll swing a game. All right, we have, we're gonna do a 2004 versus 2024 thing, but let's take a break. Alright, so you wanted to do this, the talent now versus 20 years ago and I was looking at the All NBA from 20 years ago and it actually made me do a little tester for, if I had to pick the all NBA right now, who would the guys be?

0 (46m 13s):
Which led me down this Tatum versus Durant Rabbit hole. Because I think everybody thinks to all NBA right now would probably be Giannis, Tatum, YOIC, Luca and SGA, even though they're, we're not picking positions, but Durant's like not that far away from Tatum. If you're do the best record thing with Tatum and he's gonna, they're gonna be the number one team by five games. And Tatum stats are pretty close. But I do feel like Durant could steal that first team o NBA spot if he had a strong last 20 anyway. Why did you wanna do this? Gimme the preamble. Why'd you wanna do this?

4 (46m 45s):
I always like asking myself like who the top five players are pretty much like, I don't know, beginning of the year, middle of the year, towards probably after the playoffs, which the playoffs probably influences stuff a little bit too much. I personally need you, if you're gonna be a top five player, like you have to do what you're doing and do it for like a couple years, you know? Or maybe there's just a magical playoff run inside of the two years of big regular season numbers. So I think S G's kind of on the cusp of this, even though this year, there's no question he's having one of the five best seasons and I think the top four is pretty easy, right? It's, it's Yoic, it's Luca, it's Giannis, it's Embiid. I'd put it in that order. And then maybe it's SGA, you know, it's felt like Durant's in there. Tatum's been argued.

4 (47m 25s):
I think Kawai during that stretch you were like, dude, are you watching what this guy's doing right now? A little reminder. But the whole point of the exercise was, is like after I would get to five Bill, I'd be like, okay, so now I'm kind of at 10 with, you know, because you know how

0 (47m 37s):
I look. We did this a year ago, right? Right. We said our, our 10 top five guys for we, we did exactly year what years that we had fun with it. 'cause we was like, there's nine top five guys.

4 (47m 47s):
So you know, we haven't even mentioned Ant. You just start going through it and I'm like, okay. So the league has never been deeper. And then I went back and looked. I just randomly picked like 10 and 20 years ago. Yeah, this is, I'm so glad that you liked oh 3 0 4 because when you go through like who the guys were, who the real shakers were in the league, you're like, it is not even close now. Maybe you'd find another random year where it would

0 (48m 9s):
Feel it's the perfect year to do it though. Because this was the season that led to a little bit, somewhere to what happened. The all Star break where we were like, we gotta fix this. This is crazy. We had that Pistons Pacers series that year. This was the year the Pistons beat the Lakers. But they, they changed the pace of the games. They did some rural stuff. The Suns came in and stuff started to shift.

4 (48m 30s):
Sam Cassel was fourth in wind shares.

0 (48m 35s):
Sam Cassel was second team on NBA. I'll give the listeners. So it was Duncan and Kg, Shaq, Kobe, Jason Kidd,

4 (48m 44s):
Pretty good start was

0 (48m 45s):
A all NBA first team. That was the, wasn't that, was that the trial year for Kobe or was that the year before? I think it was the

4 (48m 50s):
Year before off the top of my head.

0 (48m 52s):
Second Team Tac, who was in that last Orlando year before they ended up trading him Paige, Kovic second team. All NBA, Jermaine O'Neill, big Indiana season. Ben Wallace on the Pistons. And Sam Cassel who made it, who had just an awesome season with Minnesota. Third team was Ron Artes, Dirk Nowitzki, Yao Ming, Baron Davis, Michael Red. What's interesting about that top 15 is I think at least four or five of those guys were available in trades at some point. Either during that season or right after. Like Tmac was getting shot. I wrote a trade value column that summer and it was like, Baron Davis.

0 (49m 34s):
Could you get him? Is Michael Red versus Tmac? What about tra Tracy McGrady? Where's he going? Kobe was, it was like Kobe versus Shaq. Who's gonna go? Shaq did get traded. So it was just a weird year, but those were our best 15 players in 2000 oh four.

4 (49m 56s):
So if you go through it now, right? So Yoku, MBBI, Luca, I'm just going off of like, I'm gonna go off a box score plus minus here. Alright, because I, I don't think there's gonna be a name in here where you're like, what the hell's happening? We haven't even mentioned, well can we, we, we didn't even mention Curry yet, which you know, if you look at where Golden State's record was before his knee injury, it was right up there with everybody. Well

0 (50m 18s):
Can I give a temp? A temp All NBA three teams just to separate it?

4 (50m 25s):
Yeah, yeah. Do that, do that. And by the way, when I'm saying Golden State's record, it was the 13 and six stretch of of when, you know, I was kind of like chopping up the season into different segments there and I was like, wow. Golden State had like the best record in the NBA there, right? For a few weeks. Go ahead.

0 (50m 38s):
First team, Giannis, Tatum, YOIC, Luca, SGA, that's probably it. Unless Durant sneaks in there. Second team, Durant, Kauai. I'm going old school with the center guard position. I know we're supposed to just pick five players. I'm not doing that. I'm just telling you now as a voter, I'm still gonna use positions. Durant, Kauai, Anthony Davis guards are really hard. I put Edwards and Mitchell for second team, third team at Palo and Butler, Saboni, Halliburton and Brunson. Can you

4 (51m 9s):
Do the third one one more time? I'm just writing it down.

0 (51m 12s):
Palo Butler, Saboni, Halliburton and Brunson, which means on the bubble for all NBA are the following guys. Bam. Booker, Curry, Fox, Markin, who's gonna fade? 'cause Utah's starting to get a little tanky. LeBron who's starting to be banged up and I think is gonna not make it. Jalen Brown who's actually been coming on Embi who's not gonna make it. Paul George. And then we go into this other group of like go bear hard in towns. Maxie, Dame Weby, Zion, Ja, Kyrie, triple J, Randall, Chet, Derek White, Jaylen Williams, Barnes, Ingram, Cade Franz, Trey Garland in Obi, aka Bridges Pritcher, she Bain, Pingus holiday, Moby Gordon, Colby White and Murray we're 60 deep in the 60th guy on that list was Murray who's 22 A game and is is probably gonna get traded this summer for three first round picks or two or whatever.

4 (52m 12s):
Yeah, I don't have any, I actually don't have anything to add to it other than if you go back through oh four, like you made the point, all I'd be doing is just repeating it over and over again. 'cause when you're looking at some of the stuff you go like Richard Jefferson was ninth in offensive box score rating in in oh 3, 0 4.

0 (52m 30s):
I think he was like 22nd in my trade value list that year,

4 (52m 33s):
Right? James Poseys top 15. Brad Miller was 14th in this, you know, the wind share thing. I mean if I'm just pulling up some of the stuff I didn't really wanna do points, but like yeah there's good players. You're like Hey what about Steve Nash? Well this is pre Phoenix Steve Nash, the list of some of these guys that have some of the best metrics, whether it's James Posey Carolco who was good but you know was kind of a short-lived thing. Brad Miller, Antonio O Daniels, memo Core, nice player, Eric Dampier, Elton Brands all over the stat lists, Carlos Boozer like comparing that group to the names that you just threw. I don't see how there's any comparison other than you might argue the the biases of just the recency bias of it all.

0 (53m 17s):
Yeah, the O four was weird because it had this class of guys coming, right? LeBron, Wade, Amari, Carmelo, Mion, Lanko, these guys that young guys that clearly seemed like they had potential. And then you had the guys who were like kind of at the crossroads where you had Pierce had Vince. That was when we were like, what's going on with Vince? Is he just not gonna be a guy Iversson rumors he is gonna get traded pal. What's gonna, what's happening with him? Does he have it Marbury? It's like, does this guy, are you just 35 and 47? If he's your best guy, Steve Francis, what is he Arenas?

0 (53m 57s):
Huh? Ray Allen. Is he ever gonna put it together? Odom. And it was just going through and then you had like those kind of steady dudes like the Ben Wallace, Rick Hamilton, Billups, people like that. But it just felt like from a talent standpoint, you were really only gonna be happy as a fan with maybe 40% of the list. Now I look at the talent in that top 60 and you know, you're really nitpicking if you're like, oh I don't know Desmond Bain, he's gotta stay healthy. Like you're saying stuff like that. These guys are all really good. And then for Weby to just be a bubble guy when he's been such a revelation the last month, I, I thought Zack Lowe did a good job on Friday.

0 (54m 37s):
Just like we, he's here, what do we do now? Like what if you're the Spurs, like this is no longer a three-year plan. You have all these picks. You, you gotta, you need a plan for next year. Like why, why would you waste this?

4 (54m 50s):
Do you,

0 (54m 50s):
I I zag a bit on this. Be better to this. Let's hear it. Let's hear this zag.

4 (54m 54s):
I couldn't believe some of the Weby stuff from this week. Like he really wants to win now. Okay, well cool. Like you're on a team that had the number one pick, that means they sucked unless it was part of some of the transaction where you lucked out with the number one pick. So like you can want, what whatcha gonna do you, you need ask out. Like I just Spurs fan. I'm like, are you guys serious? We need even make it a full season and we're gonna start talking about like,

0 (55m 20s):
Oh I wasn't even talking about the Weby side of it. I was talking about the Spurs side of it.

4 (55m 25s):
I see what you're saying. I was focusing on the media stuff from this. You are right. Okay. I, that was the story that I was, I was thinking of because you brought up Zach. Yeah, you're right. The Zach part of this meaning the Spurs part of this is that it's not a three year runway of like let's just, 'cause he's so good already. But I don't know, I didn't mean this. Here's what I would ask anybody that presents this kind of stuff. Weby being this good and having the wiring that you want for what is now going to be his responsibility to carry this franchise. Yeah. If you're running the Spurs, are you going, you know, the joke I always make is like when the player gets mad and it's like as if the entire front office is sitting around and be like, what do you wanna do today?

4 (56m 6s):
I be like, I don't know dude.

0 (56m 8s):
Yeah, let's make, let's make the franchise upset. Yeah.

4 (56m 10s):
What do you want to do? And then it's like, well, and then they show up to work the next day after the player complains and be like, Hey you know what, let's try to be better starting today. So I don't think the Spurs like you could talk about like, all right, you gotta maybe bring in a vetter a little bit early. Maybe I Okay. But I mean it's also the Spurs too and I think I trust them enough that they're gonna make the moves that are presented to them that make sense for them as opposed to rushing into

0 (56m 36s):
Something. Why do you trust the Spurs? Are you trusting past performance from like the mid 2000 tens? What have they done in the last five years that make you feel like you should trust the Spurs? I guess that's my

4 (56m 48s):
Bottomed out, bottomed out after what usually teams do after a really long sustained run, except their sustained run was like 16 years, 17 years.

0 (56m 56s):
This seems like the right spot for us to apologize to Kelvin Johnson for not including them in the all disappointment all stars last.

4 (57m 4s):
Can we make sure the breakout video isn't what's going on with Kelvin Johnson's ass? You looked thick in person.

0 (57m 14s):
Well sometimes when you sign a contract, what's interesting about comparing the 20 years apart is how LeBron was just coming off his rookie year, but we all saw enough in the rookie year we're like, oh God, this guy, this is gonna be really special. Like he, it was just kind of no question. Same thing for Weby and they're at the beginning of this rocket ship, but there's all these other great players around them. Like LeBron had Wade and Carmelo who I think we were probably higher on in oh four than maybe where we landed, even though Carmelo had a good career. But I just thought Carmelo was gonna be like basically what Durant did where he is just gonna be 28 to 30 a game for 15 years and it wasn't quite that.

0 (57m 56s):
You know,

4 (57m 56s):
Lemme give lemme get back to your original point 'cause I derailed Yeah, I screwed it up there because I interpreted what you were talking about as the media stuff that was happening, like spec, it's fine.

0 (58m 4s):
People like the tension even though it, it, it's turned out to be misguided.

4 (58m 10s):
What, what would you do? Like what would you do now differently after this wema season in comparison to say Weby being like, oh you know, I, you know, I'm not sure who he's going to be if there wasn't a certainty that we feel like we have after his rookie year, what would you do?

0 (58m 28s):
So

4 (58m 28s):
What changes maybe is the better question.

0 (58m 30s):
Alright, so we're running San Antonio, they put us in charge. The first thing I would wanna do is I would wanna go back in history and see how other teams handled the same situation. Because if you remember like Cleveland, they, they kind of panicked pretty quickly. They, they thought they were further along than maybe they were. And and all of a sudden they were in the chasing the assets thing and spending a ton of money. And that's what let to Larry Hughes, they screwed up the boozer situation. He left that really hurt

4 (58m 59s):
Ben Wallace Rbac deal.

0 (59m 1s):
Yeah, they, they started chasing it. They had Shaq for a year and by 2009 they were in a lot of trouble. And it wa it was like the college kid who kept like putting stuff on his credit card and then it, it eventually backfired, but the boozer thing really fucked them. So I, I wonder like if that hadn't happened, does it play out a little differently with him? Kobe was in a different situation because he was with Shaq, right?

4 (59m 28s):
Yeah. And it was, it was also just different. 'cause we still weren't, we weren't ready for a perimeter player straight outta high school to become what he was. Which I know it sounds stupid, but that's just how it worked in the sports world. Whether it was Garnet coming out and people being offended by him even doing it right. But then once Kobe did it was like who this high school guard thinks he is gonna do this and

0 (59m 48s):
Could take shots and playoff games. Yeah, the crunch time. Who is he?

4 (59m 52s):
It's just the way it worked and everybody was wrong. So keep going. I'll tell

0 (59m 55s):
You, here's a good model. I just thought of this. So Wade incredibly promising rookie year and then they said fuck it and they went all in and and got Shaq. And if you look back, that trade seemed like a no-brainer for them. But it wasn't a no-brainer at the time. 'cause Shaq people thought he was outta shape. People thought he was past his prime. You

4 (1h 0m 16s):
Gotta give him the extension too that the Lakers didn't want to give them.

0 (1h 0m 19s):
Yeah, they gave up Odin Odom and they gave up Butler in that trade and, and people, both of those guys were in like the top 30 of my trade value. I think they were able to dump the Brian Grant contract in it. I think they gave up a pick. But that trade wasn't a no-brainer. Now it seems like a no-brainer, but the reason they did it was they were like, we wanna be good right now 'cause we have Dwayne Wade and we think he's special. And that next year he got hurt in the playoffs. I still think they would've made the playoffs if, or the finals if he didn't get hurt. Remember that against the Pistons? He got hurt like midway through that series. I thought they were ready to make it that year. So maybe that's the model. I mean maybe they should look at how Miami handled that Wade situation and be like, Hey, could we be, could we be good right away?

0 (1h 1m 1s):
I would not like just be like, oh we're gonna like do the Presti thing. We're gonna stockpile picks build slow because one thing, they're gonna have a high pick this year, but the draft isn't very good, right? So one of the questions is like if you're them, let's say you're in the top five, do you wanna draft a guy with potential on a higher ceiling or do you wanna draft a guy who's a little further along, a little more proven? Do you wanna hit a double or you wanna hit home run?

4 (1h 1m 26s):
I wanna hit home runs. I'm not gonna be like, one of the dumbest draft arguments ever, ever was when Jordan was still with the Wizards and they're like, they're gonna take Shane Batier because he is ready to plug in right now. And you're like, no you're not. You're not taking Shane Batier number one. Yeah, I mean this is stuff that was actually proposed going back now what, 25 years? This isn't even me in the media. Just an annoyed sports fan being like, that's so fucking stupid as I would read it going. But it, there was people that do what we do now then making the argument that that's the thing that made the most sense. And that's a shit that that's, that's not even a double man for a number one pick that's a single. So I don't think the Spurs would necessarily do that kind of thing. And by the way, back to the Cavs thing, I know I've said this before, but part of the pressure of trying to make sure that LeBron knew that they were committed, that actually influenced them to make a lot of those trades that actually were just more expensive with not really much upgrade whatsoever.

0 (1h 2m 18s):
Well he had that one extension coming in oh six or oh seven, right? So they had to, and they,

4 (1h 2m 24s):
He

0 (1h 2m 25s):
Made it clear I wanted

4 (1h 2m 25s):
To get, which we all should, which we all should have seen the writing on the wall when it's like, wait, all of these guys did this deal collectively. Like they all did 'em shorter

0 (1h 2m 32s):
Except Carmelo.

4 (1h 2m 34s):
Yeah, that's right. Carmelo

0 (1h 2m 35s):
Was the one that he did the extra year and I, I think he didn't, he didn't get the memo. Maybe he didn't look at his text that day when they were like, here's the plan GoTo 2006 version of WhatsApp.

4 (1h 2m 45s):
This is what we're doing. Like look at, if I go back at these ccle, I've done this before with with greater depth. But you know when they had, when they had the Larry Hughes deal,

0 (1h 2m 56s):
By the way they moved him when they signed Larry Hughes. I liked that move for them because Larry Hughes was good.

4 (1h 3m 2s):
It was another guy with the call.

0 (1h 3m 2s):
I don't know what happened to him after he got the last contract, but you know, he was having a good moments on the wizards.

4 (1h 3m 8s):
I guess I would just tell you like go through all those Cleveland years when they're desperate to try to make it work. You know, after it was clear a couple years in for LeBron and when you say, well definitely don't do that, it's like, well they were doing it because they were scared that he was gonna think that they weren't invested. Yeah. And Gilbert didn't care. He would always take on more money in these deals, but it never allowed him the freedom for what Miami was able to put together by having all that cap space because they were in such a rush with it all. Now when man Yma would have to be so good, like I don't really like planning for cap space. I think it's probably the worst of the three strategies. Trades being the best draft, being the second best, which is its own problem. And then free agency just waiting around for free agents.

4 (1h 3m 51s):
Like it's, it's pretty stupid. So if a trade presents itself that makes sense where you feel like you're raising the level your talent.

0 (1h 3m 58s):
I love the tray young idea for them. I, I've said that over and over again and I, I just like it.

4 (1h 4m 3s):
Why? Why do you love that?

0 (1h 4m 5s):
I just like the combo. I think it would be super fun to watch. I don't think they're gonna win a title with one hamma in the next three years, but they could be fun to watch and competitive and I, I just like the combo. I think that he needs somebody that the same way Yoic looks out for Gordon, he needs the guard version of that. Somebody who's like, this is my toy that I am just, this guy's seven foot five and he is around the rim and he is unbelievable an athlete. I'm just gonna get him baskets. And if they don't find that person next year, maybe it's not true, maybe it's somebody else, but that's what they need. It's not about like we got him a power forward, they need a guard who knows what the fuck he's doing. I, if I were them I would overpay for any, any guard like Garland.

0 (1h 4m 46s):
Like fuck it. What's your price for Garland? We're not trading him. Well everyone has a price. What's your price? What do you want for them? Well no we're not trading them all right. What if it's four first round picks and two swaps? Like just fucking go for it. Get somebody who's like a real guy.

4 (1h 5m 1s):
The LOBs would be great. And you could also argue that Trey's deficiencies on defense, like maybe women yamas able to cover those up even though that's ruling out a lot of the space on the floor that women yma is not gonna show all the way to the three point line over and over and over again. But I just think it'd be frustrating for women Yma who's gonna be the face of this franchise, be like, okay, what play is this? And be like, alright this is the play where I dribble the ball until four seconds left in the shot clock and then at this point I need you to stop looking at me and then turn around to see if you can get the rebound

0 (1h 5m 29s):
Right AK the 2004 Paul Pierce.

4 (1h 5m 33s):
I don't wanna do that to Victor.

0 (1h 5m 36s):
Last thing on that 20 2004 verse 2023 thing, looking at the list of guys, one of the things that really jumped out to me was the, the creative guards that we have now versus what we had in oh four. I remember having a joke that Jason kid should just have to play 48 minutes in the all-star game 'cause we had so few point guards. But even you look at like the guards that during that stretch, that was the Marbury and Francis, you know that era that was Iversson as a point guard, but he wasn't really a point guard. He was a shooting guard that was Billups who was sort of a point guard but not really. It was really Steve Nash and Kid were the only two pure Tony Parker who was a scoring point guard.

0 (1h 6m 19s):
Now we have all these guys who are, you know, just sick creators and in some cases like Garland doesn't even have the ball enough on, on Cleveland. I I think that guy could be, you know, like Steve Nash ish on the right team. But we're, we're not gonna see it. I'm just, I'm super happy with the point guard situation. Yeah.

4 (1h 6m 37s):
And when I was looking at that list from 20 years ago too, like Bibi's kind of the early version of what we're talking about now because Bibi still had a couple more good years in him and then it was over.

0 (1h 6m 44s):
Yeah, he was coming but he was coming to an ends pretty soon. Yeah,

4 (1h 6m 47s):
He was kind of one of those like, wait, is he a point guard? Like we used to get mad about it. Like what is he

0 (1h 6m 54s):
Now? I used to call a zero, A zero guard. Baron Davis was like that too. It's like he's not

4 (1h 6m 58s):
Baron's perfect for what you're talking about.

0 (1h 6m 60s):
What is he? Yeah, Marbury was another one. It's like these are guys that aren't going into games thinking, all right, I gotta take care of my guys, I gotta make sure I get this guy. But Mar guy going right away, Marbury

4 (1h 7m 10s):
Would have those stat lines where you'd go, wait, can I, can I say that he's doing his own thing when he had another 35 and

0 (1h 7m 17s):
1112? Yeah. Yeah.

4 (1h 7m 19s):
But then you know, I'm sure if you look back at some of the other stuff, you just realize like there's

0 (1h 7m 23s):
Powder quick tank of Palooza 2024 update. We have, we're taping this before some of the games today, but Washington to Detroit, they're gonna be in a battle for a taper for number one. San Antonio has a pretty good grasp on three and Charlotte's four, two wins behind them and Portland is two wins behind them. So that's like our top five. And then we have Memphis and Toronto and Brooklyn kind of lurking that the big tank Appalooza storylines. What do the Spurs do about Weby if they decide, you know what, we gotta make sure we get a top three pick. Do they be like, Hey, can you take some, take a little extra time with that ankle sprain? Do they start sitting him because he's so good, he can, you know, fuck up two wins near the end of the season and all of a sudden they fall from three to five.

0 (1h 8m 13s):
The biggest storyline is Toronto to me because Toronto gave up that top six pro se protected pick for Perle and they're seven right now. And that could be a team where G where guys just start going away for the season pretty soon. But it's like Scotty Barnes, we found some tendonitis, you know, hey quickly we're a little worried about your knee. You're gonna have to sit down for a little bit. But look, I, I think getting the seventh pick and then giving that to San Antonio is a disaster. So if I were them, I, I might start thinking about, you know, a version of what Dallas did last year and then, and

4 (1h 8m 54s):
They had day off. I mean they lost important last night in overtime and it didn't even feel like a fluke,

0 (1h 8m 59s):
Right? Brooklyn does not have a pick and right now they're eighth so they're gonna be like, what are they? They're gonna be guns blazing going for it. And then Utah who's two and eight in their last 10 at 28 wins who traded a couple of their glue guys, they seem pretty interested in maybe going backwards one more time here, which we were, what we were talking three weeks ago, we could never figure out what Danny wants to do. It seems like the zag, the unexpected Danny zag this time is let's actually suck. Are we cool with that?

4 (1h 9m 33s):
Yeah. Because even if, you know, we're sitting here and we've been talking about it now, like people have been pointing to the 24 draft for a couple years going, Hey, by the way, when 24 comes up, like this is gonna be really bad. Yeah. I've, you know, not started what I do for it, but I would say that like guys still would rather have the six pick than the eighth. Right? It's just what? It's just what they like no front office is gonna go, ah, this draft sucks anyway. Like just let's make sure Colin Sexton and Larry are closing games all the time because there's definitely, there's some younger guys on Utah too where you can tell, like you can get these guys some minutes. I mean Kante went off again. Which I think is, you know, for a rookie, I don't really care about the inefficiency or any of this stuff, but like are you capable of, of having some moments or really looks like you're taking over offensively and who knows?

4 (1h 10m 19s):
Like the count George Redraft could be two years from now where you're like, wow, like this guy went

0 (1h 10m 24s):
Off. Well him and Jade and Ivy have moments. Perfect. You go, yeah where you go, okay, something's there. What?

4 (1h 10m 31s):
It's my little Ivy point like

0 (1h 10m 33s):
I was, yeah, something's going on.

4 (1h 10m 34s):
I won't use this now 'cause we were talking about it this morning with the different stuff we wanna do. But like I do want to take like the bottom teams do like an aggressive bottom segment for the pod where you look at it and you go, alright, would you rather be Houston or would you rather be San Antonio? Because Houston's depth Houston is way up there for me on League Pass rankings now. Okay. Especially with the Kim Whitmore piece of this taking over. And I wish Tari Easton wasn't hurt because I felt like he just, I know

0 (1h 11m 3s):
That was such a bummer. He just

4 (1h 11m 5s):
Gets in the game and you're like, I don't know what's gonna happen but he's gonna impact it. And Thompson has those moments and I'd say even Jalen Green's had a couple like just nice games recently.

0 (1h 11m 15s):
I mean he had the best, probably the best dunk of the year.

4 (1h 11m 18s):
I don't know. How about that Brandon Boston one today against Giannis and Portes? That was, that was a,

0 (1h 11m 23s):
I'm with you in Houston. I don't know what they are, but it seems like they all respect Eime. I don't think they totally know who their best five guys are, but they, there's something and it one of those

4 (1h 11m 33s):
Teams I still like Jabari, you know,

0 (1h 11m 35s):
I like Jabari.

4 (1h 11m 36s):
I I'm sure like part of it's okay if you're developing something, how do you, how come you bring in Brooks and Van Ley to take all these shots? But it's like okay, but last year we got annoyed when Jalen Green and Kevin Porter Jr. Were just going back and forth and taking a million shots. So, you know, you can't have it both ways. So yeah, when I look at Houston, I look at Dap and we haven't even mentioned the best player out of all of them in that chin goon, which, you know, who knows what he's capable of doing 'cause he's just incredible how smart he is. All of the stuff, how creative he is, you know, and who cares where he is at defensively now. 'cause there was a time where it felt like Yoic might be the problem defensively for Denver. Like really making sure they could go all the way. And that's not even anything we even talk about anymore. So when I look at Houston, I go, I think

0 (1h 12m 17s):
You just created, I think you created a new segment, either or. So would you rather be Houston or San Antonio?

4 (1h 12m 22s):
The easy answer is just because basketball's about having the guy and if you have a chance, who of of having the guy, then the conversation's over. But the depth of Houston even allows me to ask. So I don't wanna do all, 'cause I have like four of them of the bad teams. We'll just go, would you rather be this team or that team? Which I think we already gave away the Houston San Antonio one.

0 (1h 12m 41s):
I'd rather be San Antonio because of Weby obviously. Yes. But I did pause, which would've been inconceivable. Right? Also the Thompsons are another one. Like we were talking about Ivy and Canti George. But Ivy's

4 (1h 12m 55s):
The perfect example of it because it's

0 (1h 12m 56s):
Like both Thompsons are like, wait, what's this guy? What's it, what, what just happened

4 (1h 12m 59s):
Because you didn't like Ivy and you know, his last Tourn game I didn't was bad. And I was like, look, I'm just telling you you're you like, I'm like, well, but I might not be right. But I'm just saying physically he's some of the stuff he does, he's fast is very special. Yeah, he's fast. He's more of a basketball player than I would say. Even the Thompsons are, even though you might argue Thompsons physically are like just a slight tick. A people

0 (1h 13m 22s):
Can't stay in front of him now maybe they can with the new rules, but Ivy, when he wants to go by you, he is going by you. That's, that's it. He doesn't really know what he's gonna do when he goes by you, but he's gonna go by you. He's one of those guys

4 (1h 13m 35s):
With Wiseman got five guys I'm still excited about.

0 (1h 13m 41s):
I kind like Shut

4 (1h 13m 42s):
No Fon Teo,

0 (1h 13m 44s):
He's just, that motherfucker hasn't

4 (1h 13m 45s):
Stopped shooting.

0 (1h 13m 47s):
I know he showed up. He's, he's going for it. I think what's been fun about the tank appalooza this year is I, I like watching every team except Washington. Like I'm surprised by the league pass choices. 'cause usually those early games and the east always has more bad teams than the West. And those early games that come on at four, you're like this team against this team, this sucks. But like, I don't don't mind watching Charlotte. I bet on them a bunch of times. I

4 (1h 14m 17s):
I overdid it with Charlotte in that bad West coast window. So like I had to wean myself off of it a bit. Yeah. 'cause there was about a two or three year stretch where I was like four o'clock, guess we're starting a day with Charlotte again and I, after the Wizards live game against Denver, I was like, we're good. Like we don't, although I'd say there's some Kiper numbers in there that you might get excited about. I think Denny Avd Live is a different experience.

0 (1h 14m 42s):
I like both of those guys. Those both those guys are gonna be on a good team at some point in their lives. Don't you think

4 (1h 14m 48s):
They're gonna be in the league a long time?

0 (1h 14m 50s):
They will be on a contending team out there in a big playoff game. You're like, oh remember when that guy was on The Wizards and they went 10 and 65, whatever they did. I like all the, all the crappy teams except for Washington. I can't watch them. Even Memphis, some of their young guys are like fun. Watch

4 (1h 15m 11s):
Memphis brings it man. Yeah. Now when you're watching Memphis, you gotta be connected to the internet because there's a couple times where you're like, wait, what's going on here?

0 (1h 15m 23s):
Yeah. Who's that guy? Yeah, Chicago had one the other day. They like two weeks ago a white guy, the guy who's been playing a lot and I was like, I don't know who that is. Is that Andres Dote? Is he Back was playing, it was like an overtime game. He played like 30 minutes. I'd never heard of him. I guess he's

4 (1h 15m 40s):
Player. No, he's only been with him like six games or something like that. Yeah, eight games. Is it Bid him?

0 (1h 15m 46s):
Yeah.

4 (1h 15m 47s):
Yeah. Turkish rookie 24 playing

0 (1h 15m 50s):
Crunch time

4 (1h 15m 50s):
For some reason now there's a huge guy on Memphis and I can't believe I, I let this go because I was like, wait, what's going on

0 (1h 15m 57s):
With him? You know what's interesting about Houston by the way?

4 (1h 16m 0s):
No. Well yes I do. Oh, Tre Jemison. Jemison just out there. Beasting on people. Yeah. Matt hurt out there eight games into his career was like green light. I had a green light out the womb.

0 (1h 16m 15s):
Brooklyn's got Houston's Brooklyn is sending Houston their unprotected pick, which we've discussed in the past. But Houston has all these assets plus probably not making the playoffs.

4 (1h 16m 25s):
Plus their picks are going the other way. That's another thing. There's like this three team Parlay here happening where everybody's just gonna keep playing hard because they don't have their own pick

0 (1h 16m 32s):
Since they're picked. O kc. Yeah, but they're getting Brooklyn's pick, which is gonna be the best of all the picks. But, well let's, before we go to break, let's play this out. You're running the Spurs and I call you and I say, Hey, I think we're gonna trade Lalo. You guys interested?

4 (1h 16m 53s):
I am.

0 (1h 16m 54s):
Okay.

4 (1h 16m 55s):
I am. I'm not, you know, what's your, what are you, what are you thinking here?

0 (1h 17m 1s):
Couldn't help. But notice you have two of the top eight picks thanks to the Jale deal. And your own first. Yeah, we'll take back. Kelvin Johnson do you think, has he tried gluten-free lasagna?

4 (1h 17m 17s):
Now see I don't, and this might turn into something. It could have been just a bad, bad alternate uniform. I just thought he looked a little thicker in person. I don't know. I what say

0 (1h 17m 26s):
Mello, how many picks for Lalo?

4 (1h 17m 28s):
It starts at three but then it depends on like, you know, alright

0 (1h 17m 32s):
And it's like, to me it's two and a half.

4 (1h 17m 33s):
I don't think well or if you wanna tell me 'cause of the injury history, that's fine. But injury

0 (1h 17m 37s):
History,

4 (1h 17m 38s):
The other problem is, is that you're Charlotte and there's nothing exciting about your basketball team and you have somebody that is that exciting. This is basically the T Tray young argument from Atlanta in Charlotte. So I don't know if they would do it because he's such a huge star for that fan base in a place that's desperate

0 (1h 17m 52s):
For huge star that's done nothing. I mean to me, I'm I, if I was a Hornets fan, I would be so much more excited about Brandon Miller than I was about Lalo. Brandon Miller's like a, A real guy. Kudos to KOC. He crushed that one. I think that guy's going gonna be a potential all NBA guy someday. I'm really impressed by him. Yeah, he's, I like how he carries himself too. I think he's, I think he's got it

4 (1h 18m 15s):
Real quick though. Just imagine if this were a better draft. Like if we thought like man this draft and who knows with the way that everybody talks about drafts and they'd be like, Hey remember everybody thought 24 was gonna be terrible than three years later. You're like, look at all of these guys. I think the problem is for this draft in particular, if you do look at the top guys, you're like I gotta, I gotta pick one of these guys. Number one, because we've been so spoiled through the last few years. But the Thunder having, if this were a better draft and the Thunder having two lottery picks to go with whatever they do this year in the playoffs and who knows, maybe Presti will just nail it with one of the two and you'll go, I can't believe that team gets somebody in the lottery.

0 (1h 18m 49s):
Well that leads us perfectly to the RET Tradables.

Workday (1h 18m 52s):
This segment is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future-proof your organization via finance and HR Rockstar with Workday. Visit workday.com to learn more.

0 (1h 19m 18s):
So Joe Smith you're talking about, oh we ended up at the number one pick and we didn't even maybe get somebody who was awesome. Joe Smith, number one pick in 1995. The guys that went after him, Garnet went after him. Rashid Wallace Stackhouse, there were guys but Joe Smith seemed like the safest bet. He was a good college player. It's 2010 guy in Maryland ended up playing for 12 teams and was involved in six trades that I wanna rip through really quickly. But the one we're gonna talk about is the oh three trade, which was Joe Smith and Anthony Peeler from Minnesota to Philly and Sam Cassel and Irvin Johnson going to Minnesota.

0 (1h 19m 60s):
And at the time Sam had bounced around a little bit but everybody liked him but it, it was always like, oh we can get that guy for Sam Cassel done. And he just started kind of moving around. He was a little bit older but he had the Houston Rockets pedigree and this trade led to Kevin Garnett's one great timberwolf season where I thought, you know, they had a legitimate chance to beat the Lakers. I think Sam Cassel got hurt in that Laker series. I think they would've beaten them if he wasn't hurt, but that it's kind of crazy to think that's all they had to give up for Sam Cassel.

4 (1h 20m 34s):
Probably worth letting younger guys know that it's Irvin Johnson from New Orleans.

0 (1h 20m 38s):
Good point. This was center Irvin Johnson. Yeah, this was Milwaukee Bucks. 2001 Eastern Finals on that team that got robbed against the Sixers when they had over a hundred more fouls than Philly. That series that Irv Johnson. Can I read you some of the Joe Smith trades though?

4 (1h 20m 59s):
I wanna hear

0 (1h 20m 59s):
Em all. 1998

4 (1h 20m 60s):
They'll leave out any make up A few.

0 (1h 21m 1s):
1998 Golden State Philly, Joe Smith and Brian Shaw for Clarence Witherspoon and Jim Jackson. A two for 2 0 3, the one I mentioned. Oh six Milwaukee Denver traded straight up for Ruben Patterson. Oh seven Iversson goes to Denver coming back. Andre Miller, Joe Smith and picks 2008. The trade we mentioned earlier in the podcast. Ben Wallace, who is not Ben Wallace anymore. Joe Smith, who was not Joe Smith anymore. Wally Zerbe, who was not Wally Zerbe anymore. And Delonte West to Cleveland for Larry Hughes. Drew Gooden and I renewable and Daniel Marshall. Eight for eight. I think there are many, even more people than that.

0 (1h 21m 41s):
And then in 2008 he was in a three team trade that landed Mo Williams in Cleveland. Damon Jones went somewhere and Joe Smith went somewhere. So he was in six trades that were all kind of meaningful except for the Reuben Patterson one. But the Cassel one was the one that mattered I think the most out of all those trades. Iverson to Denver was fun for a year and a half. Yeah, it was fun. It

4 (1h 22m 8s):
Was over. It was over pretty quick.

0 (1h 22m 9s):
Yeah

4 (1h 22m 10s):
Because it was, oh you're just gonna go now and then I'm gonna go and then you're gonna go and I'm gonna go the

0 (1h 22m 17s):
Banjos.

4 (1h 22m 18s):
It felt like Philly was more motivated to make sure he wasn't in the east on top everything else. Because remember that summer there was a ton of smoke with the Celtics iversson thing. It

0 (1h 22m 27s):
Was, it was a fire. They were like, here's Al Jefferson and multiple first round picks for Iversson. And

4 (1h 22m 33s):
I think there was a point, I don't know if Angel would say that it was done done. 'cause it's never done unless it's done and then it wasn't. But it felt like there was a couple days there where it was like, oh this is actually gonna happen. Yeah, but that the front office was like, we just can't have Iversson in the Celtics jersey. Like even if we get people back, we like we can't have that happen.

0 (1h 22m 50s):
Hmm.

4 (1h 22m 52s):
You know what I love about the Garnet part of this though is that somebody that I think is the ultimate winner was considered a loser. And the difference of playoff results where I can sound like I'm not being consistent where I'm like, I like this player but he doesn't have the playoff success or I don't like this player and look at all of his playoff failures and it's like, wait a minute, alright. He's like, yeah, but I'm not like I'm also going on every other thing that I saw. And yet Garnet labeled with this when then his career becomes like, you can't fathom watching him in the second act of his career going, imagine when people thought this guy led to losing basketball games.

0 (1h 23m 31s):
His team sucked and he had the worst luck. I don't know how many columns I wrote about it, but even like that Joe Smith, when they legally, ironically Joe Smith, they legally signed him. Joe Smith

4 (1h 23m 40s):
On fire today.

0 (1h 23m 41s):
Joe Big Joe Smith po Big big

4 (1h 23m 43s):
Usage

0 (1h 23m 44s):
For him. Remember they lost three first round paint. Yeah,

4 (1h 23m 46s):
Because they had paperwork on it.

0 (1h 23m 49s):
It's just brutal. And then the Serbia thing was always weird. Anyway, that's it for the ret Tradables. Thanks again Workday for sponsoring the segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday to learn more, visit workday.com. All right, coming back there. So there was a LeBron, he wants a max deal, three more years, big salary. And that became a news story over the course of the week and it's seems like it's gonna happen. There was a picture of him with Genie Bus. I just wanna talk this out whether it makes sense. If you're the Lakers to pay LeBron three years, basically a max deal, are you doing that because he's a star, because you value him as a Laker?

0 (1h 24m 38s):
Are you doing it because you actually think this is a way to win another title? What are the motivations? I mean obviously you're gonna talk yourself into, oh, if we have him in Davis and we can fit some other and make one more trade and we have three first round pick trade. I'm gonna go through some of the evidence in a second that that might be a mistake. But what, what is the goal of one more max for him if you're the Lakers, in your opinion?

4 (1h 25m 2s):
I've said this before, but I imagine it's close to their rationale. With the Kobe deal, when he had the torn Achilles, they gave him the two year extension. They didn't wanna to become a free agent. That extension was 40 and half million over the next two. It was an absurd number. Now technically it was a bit of a pay cut, but the reason it was absurd is they're like, wait, what are you doing? and they talking point, which again I think I just talked about this last week, was we want stars to know they're taken care of with the Los Angeles Lakers. Think it was a very bus driven thing and that was their whole point and that the other stars will know that if you come here, we'll take care of you. So I guess we're gonna put that thing to the test 10 years later because that deal doesn't make any sense. You can be the biggest LeBron fan in the world.

4 (1h 25m 42s):
It doesn't make any sense. I do wonder if there's a bit of the Boris leaking the number thing where Boris is like, Hey Bryce, Harper's gonna be a half a billion dollar player and then you get him for three 30 million. You're like, man, what a steal. We lucked out. So it doesn't, it's, it'd be smarter Rich Paul or LeBron to be like, yeah, we're looking for one 60. That's what we're looking for. Well that's, that could be what you're looking for. But the Lakers would be like, who are we bidding against? Like you signed up with Utah, you gonna sign with Detroit this year? Like are you gonna go to any of those teams in cap space? You're not gonna go to any of those places. You clearly love LA and what LA and retiring a Laker will mean to you to continue to be out here, which is a real thing. And yeah, sure you could leave and then always come back and then we rekindle this whole thing. But I don't, as great as he is and as far as he's gone beyond what we could ever expect for somebody his age, that contract makes absolutely no sense.

4 (1h 26m 29s):
So I don't even know if I believe that like one sixty's actually in play or if it just got Boris out.

0 (1h 26m 35s):
So I'm glad you brought up the Kobe thing because his rationale at the time for doing that, which killed their cap and made it basically impossible for them to win a title was he was like, why should I take a pay cut? I've been selling out this building for most of this century and I'm gonna make as much money as I can make and it's up to them to put a good team around me. It's not my job that's, that's their job. My job is to get paid the most and to do really well. I guess the difference in this case with LeBron is if he wants to win another title and he takes like 50 million a year, when Davis is making 50 million a year, it basically means they're not gonna win another title and he is gonna be stuck at five or four and that's it.

0 (1h 27m 20s):
Like here's some numbers this season in the last two. What do you think that record is when LeBron plays this season in the last two, would you say 500 way over 500 Below 500.

4 (1h 27m 33s):
I would say it's right around 585

0 (1h 27m 35s):
And 82. His on off net this year. 47th outta 93 for anyone playing over 30 plus minutes a game. There's plus 2.2 when he plays their best lineup with him is LeBron Ad Reeves, dlo and RUI plus 3.5 LeBron ad Reeves, DLO Princes minus 4.7. The big question for me that I would trying

4 (1h 27m 60s):
Figure that might, that might might be a Prince thing.

0 (1h 28m 1s):
It

4 (1h 28m 1s):
Might be a prince thing, although he's been better the last couple.

0 (1h 28m 4s):
The big question for me is I'm li so if LeBron wants this contract again and I have him and Ad 'cause they just signed him new extension. So those are my two expensive guys. I'm paying a hundred million plus a year for those guys with salary cap, second apron, all this stuff. Do I actually have a chance to contend for the title if those are my two best guys? Last year you would've said yes this year. So their offensive raid in this year is 17th in the league last year, 19th year before 22nd, year before 24th, 20, 20 11th. They've been a below the curve offense with LeBron and with Davis for an entire presidential term now.

0 (1h 28m 45s):
And I was looking back at some of the like Kobe's last two Laker years after the Achilles 24th in offense, 29th in offense. mjs last his two wizards years, they were 15th and 17th in offense. This offensive rating Kobe in 2012, 13, his last two really good Laker years. He was 10th and eighth. So the question for me Russillo is if you're giving LeBron this contract, you're basically saying he's Tom Brady, the the age, the that none of this applies. He's superhuman. He's gonna keep going into his mid forties. The difference Brady, when he was on the Pats 2016, second in DBOA offense 2017, first 2018, fifth 2019, last Pats year 11th 2020 on Tampa third 2021, first 2022 18, his first bad year.

0 (1h 29m 38s):
Brady was always impacting his offense as a top five offense really all the way through until he hit 45 years old. And you can't say the same about LeBron. So the question is why? Because his stats are still the same. The eye test, he still looks good. Why? So it's everyone else's fault. But who are you trying to get if I'm already paying 110 million to two guys who, who do they, who do they expect to get as royal guys? Because Dlo iss a pretty good player, right? He's a good offensive player. I think for that position for making 17 million a year, Reeves is a pretty good offensive player. Ru's a pretty good six foot, ten three point guy who can, who can guard people like their team's not that bad and they're a 500 team.

4 (1h 30m 22s):
Well they've been better lately. So maybe there's that this stretch where they don't leave California where they're playing teams all above 500 was kind of like, well what's gonna happen here? But there was always a break in between the game. So like you kind of felt like coming out of this, there's, there's reasons why it should be a challenge, there's a reason why it isn't. But they've been better. Look they right like would you agree with me? Would they've been beating better teams? I mean the dangelo Russell part of this is remarkable 'cause he's somebody who went from, hey, remember when he got his contract last year and it was 17.3 but then there was a player option on the next this with big trade

0 (1h 30m 53s):
Flashing trade sign next to it. Because

4 (1h 30m 55s):
We figured, hey, if, if we trade you, this will give you the protection. Because it felt like even that number was really high. He has been incredible. I would say offensively, I'm always gonna be worried about him just falling asleep defensively. Even in the biggest moments,

0 (1h 31m 10s):
He's been better defensively than I think he's been in years past.

4 (1h 31m 13s):
Okay, maybe offensively trying offensively what he's done, what he did the other night against Milwaukee. I mean it's just all time stuff. So the funny part was is when you heard about DeAngelo, Russell's name mentioned in trade conversation, which it certainly was. I mean they would've traded him if they got something back they liked the other team's hangup was like, well he's gonna pick up his $18.7 million player option and we don't wanna trade for him. Like Minnesota couldn't wait to get him outta there. It doesn't seem like he lasts anywhere very long. So maybe it's all new and it's all better after these two months. I obviously don't believe that, but I'm not gonna say that he hasn't been great when he is been great. But the fucked up part of it is, is now he actually might opt out of this thing,

0 (1h 31m 55s):
Right?

4 (1h 31m 55s):
Because another team with all this cap

0 (1h 31m 57s):
Space especially try to trade them for two, two months.

4 (1h 31m 60s):
Yeah, maybe. Or I likely he's gonna opt out because he knows what's out there. Not because of his feelings being hurt. Despite what he had said recently about it being public humiliation for it all your, your greater point is the right point though. What are you actually signing up for if you're just running it back one more time? Because you're not gonna have a ton of freedom. And Kobe, it was weird going back to those Kobe years because if you look at the stats, they're terrible. Yeah, he just took a ton of shots. He was below 30% from three the last year. He wasn't passing it to anybody and it was just kind of a big farewell. Like, and I think there were Laker fans that care more about Kobe than they ever cared about the Lakers. So I think everybody was kind of cool with it out here.

4 (1h 32m 40s):
Yeah, it

0 (1h 32m 41s):
Was like last chance to see Kobe. Yeah

4 (1h 32m 43s):
And you what he's gonna

0 (1h 32m 43s):
Put up shots. We don't care if we win. Good

4 (1h 32m 45s):
For you. But you remember one of the talking points in the media to that was is that because Kobe, right, because it's Kobe, it's like he's not gonna settle for anything less than championship. It's like nah, I think he actually took the most money he could knowing that like, yeah, it's gonna be really hard and I'm not saying anybody should be taking

0 (1h 33m 1s):
Pay cuts here. Kobe was like, I won five, I'm good. Cut me some checks 'cause I'm gonna retire in two years. But

4 (1h 33m 6s):
That's not how it was talked about. It was like as if, it's almost like the mb Yama stuff we were talking about earlier that Kobe's standard was so extreme and his work ethic and, and the way he saw things is that everybody had to be in on it. And it's like, yeah, actually like the last year especially it was like, it just gets, get some shots up here. The

0 (1h 33m 24s):
Bigger question to me is why would a team with LeBron and Davis not be that successful offensively for four year stretch? I I think we have a pretty good sample size now that that something about those two, no matter what kind of shooters and people you put around them, it just hasn't really worked. And I don't, and they've tried every type of player and every type of whatever it would seem like.

4 (1h 33m 45s):
I don't think it's been every type of player. I think it's a lot of different looks with limited options because what

0 (1h 33m 50s):
Type of player haven't they had? They've had like the Schroder type, they've had the Caruso type, they've had the RUI type, they've had the the Prince type,

4 (1h 33m 57s):
The really good type maybe.

0 (1h 33m 60s):
But that's the thing. Those

4 (1h 34m 1s):
Are nice players

0 (1h 34m 2s):
But, but if you're paying 110 million a year to two guys, you're you're done. You're have trouble. Yeah.

4 (1h 34m 7s):
You're done now.

0 (1h 34m 7s):
Right? and they gave away all their draft picks for for Davis, but

4 (1h 34m 11s):
They're gonna get 'em back. Like that was the whole point of not making a trade now is that maybe that guy's coming with those three picks and they go, okay, we were able to move

0 (1h 34m 18s):
Salaries here. Right. But there was like, so there's Trey Young buzz with them, right? Does Trey, does Trey Young change this Destiny if it's Trey Young LeBron and and Davis And do you think Tre Young and LeBron would be a good combo? 'cause I don't, I think Tre Young would drive LeBron crazy

4 (1h 34m 33s):
Peak LeBron, which let's just say it's like most of the years. Yeah, no, I wonder if he'd be like, Hey I'm, I'm good with this. Like you can take a bunch of shots here in the regular season. I'm not gonna care about the scoring numbers for me. And then at least we have another person that, you know, obviously everybody knows how feel about Trey but like come play off time. I know that guy's ready to go, right.

0 (1h 34m 57s):
Spurs, I wonder. So I was thinking 'cause the, the last couple bird Celtic years weren't happy. The MJ Wizard stuff there was a lot of stuff about how hard it was to play with him. Kobe's last few years of the Lakers, same thing. I wonder if somebody becomes so famous as an older, older superstar. This is what Doug Collins always used to say when I did TV with him. He is like, oh, coach man, you don't wanna coach an aging superstar. That's the worst place to be. You don't wanna do that. Coach. I wonder if it's just hard to play with LeBron for two reasons. One is that he's LeBron. So it's like, all right, there's four minutes left. Well, obviously LeBron has to have the ball. But then the other part is if you're a supporting cast member and it's like if your team loses it's your fault, the team wins.

0 (1h 35m 41s):
It's LeBron. LeBron's the reason they won. And there's, there's some psychology to it. You're, you're playing with this dude that you grew up idolizing, right? You're young kid. You're like, I can't believe I'm playing with LeBron. You're not gonna stand up to him. So I wonder if it like does something with, and and it's not just him 'cause it didn't happen with Brady and the Bucks, but football's also different. You need each other. You have to rely, there's really no,

4 (1h 36m 5s):
You're also in and out. You're, it's like a corporate desk

0 (1h 36m 7s):
And defense. So I just wonder like, I don't know what type of team you would put around LeBron and Davis, I guess is my point. Like what's, wait are are suggest we saw in in 2020 are suggesting, are

4 (1h 36m 19s):
You suggesting that the offensive numbers are just like, even though, because I, I've talked about this too, is like you didn't even have LeBron miss time this year, you know, like you normally would, right? All right. You had ad for all the talk about like who they were or weren't last season, like 80, figuring it out and closing strong was the reason they're even competitive with Denver. That's it. Okay. Yeah, like the Rui trade was nice and re's development's, you know, a nice part of it. Davis

0 (1h 36m 43s):
Was awesome in the playoffs.

4 (1h 36m 44s):
Yeah. And especially when you get to go up against Golden State, you're like, oh wait, this is the whole reason we spent so much time talking about this guy. 'cause for a while there, at least like when I would listen to local radio and Laker stuff, it's like, what can you get for Anthony Davis? It's like, well if you're thinking about trading him, and that means the market couldn't be that great 'cause the guy just couldn't seem like he could stay healthy. And part of me wonders if he, if you play enough games where you are getting beat up physically, that you're not as likely to get injured because you're used to taking all of these bumps where on the fall ranking of guys going down, I used to be worried about Anthony Davis all the time. Like he got elbowed like crazy the other night against Giannis on that drive. And look, he looked legitimately hurt and was obviously limited afterwards last year. I'd figure, okay, what does that mean?

4 (1h 37m 27s):
Is he gonna be out for three weeks?

0 (1h 37m 28s):
And that was just, you spent more time analyzing him probably than any.

4 (1h 37m 32s):
Well, 'cause I, I've defended him so much. Yeah. Like so much. Maybe it's the Cowherd dinners or maybe when I've gone on where he tried to call him Rasheed Wallace and I was like, I think he has the third highest PR in playoff history. So I don't think that that's true. I think that Portland New Orleans series where he was still with the Pelicans and what he did against Trailblazers and that like in the hope of like could this guy be the best player in the NBA? There's still that Memphis regular season game that I was just so excited about. I've always loved him, but now I'm a little disappointed that there's a limited version of him. But whatever it is, it's still really awesome. And I don't have a good answer for what I think is a really insightful point by you of like, wait, if you're getting this piece of the pie, which is checking the box with AD and you're getting the back of the baseball card numbers with LeBron that are here and you feel good about Reeves, the Rui thing works.

4 (1h 38m 15s):
Granted they need Van do back Russell

0 (1h 38m 17s):
Out kicked this coverage.

4 (1h 38m 18s):
Russell has been on fire for two months here.

0 (1h 38m 21s):
Two and a, yeah, almost, almost three. We're heading toward the other problem, I didn't mention this. So one of the things you'd say is what LeBron should do is just take a minimum deal and they could spend that money in another players. They're at 1 41 next year. And that's assuming LeBron takes the the player option. I think I have that right. So they got Davis at 43, they have Rui at 17, Reeves at 12, so that's 72. Vincent and Vanderbilt, that's 21 each. So now they're at 93. Like there's really no scenario where it could be like, oh, I'll create cap space for us by doing this.

0 (1h 39m 4s):
'cause they kind, it's just, you can't do it. So I don't know, like they're kind of stuck with where they are, right? Yeah. But on the other hand, you have LeBron James and you have one of the most famous basketball players of all time. And it's like, we won the title in 2020. We're good. We're gonna ride this out. We have the chance because we've done it before. Who knows? We might strike oil with a couple of these world players. It's still LeBron James. Maybe we could do it. But I just think the data doesn't back it up.

4 (1h 39m 29s):
I wouldn't do it. I don't care. I would just go and like you could think, oh well you don't own the team or the Laker thing and all that stuff. I, there's no way I'm going like, Hey this is good. I also think that this price has floated out as a negotiation and that he wouldn't end up making $60 million a year at age 42. But we

0 (1h 39m 44s):
Would've said that with Kobe 10 years ago, we would've said, oh, there's no way they're gonna pay him 40. and they did. I think Jeanie's kind of, she's like weirdly loyal with this stuff.

4 (1h 39m 53s):
Yeah, but Kobe was like 36 and 37. But granted it was coming off the Achilles. Yeah. So maybe you're right. Maybe you're right. But like the other point of this too that I looked through these numbers. Do you know where the Lakers are on defense since January 1st?

0 (1h 40m 4s):
What is it?

4 (1h 40m 5s):
25th.

0 (1h 40m 7s):
Oof. Yeah, I mean I don't, I'm on record. I don't love the LeBron Rui Davis, all three of them at the same time as a possible closing lineup. 'cause I just think there's certain wings that that's like they're, they just can't guard wings with that. You saw with the Boston, the Christmas game, Tatum and Brown, they had no chance against those guys. So we'll see. It's a fascinating one. I was surprised that that story came out when it did and it was tied to Bronny and whether he might end up in the drafts, all of it, the timing of it was, was pretty weird. Anyway, all right, we're, we're wrapping up 'cause I wanna watch the Oscars. No,

4 (1h 40m 45s):
I have one question. Yeah. How will you remember the Mack Jones era?

0 (1h 40m 50s):
Oh, thank you. It's funny, I was talking to my dad about it today. I think one of the strangest rise in quick falls I can ever remember from a Boston athlete. I was thinking like a guy's like Phil Planter and like D Brown, his rookie year when it really seemed like we might have this all NBA guard who's playing in big moments and playoff games. And he was so exciting. Like there's been guys that he's flashed in the pan guys and they never went away. But this was the most abrupt, whereas like this guy went from a playoff quarterback to unplayable in less than two years, right?

4 (1h 41m 29s):
Yeah. It was over quick when he was okay that first year and he was okay. It was just funny because it was like, hey, he's average slightly above

0 (1h 41m 39s):
Game manager,

4 (1h 41m 40s):
You know, who was slightly above average who used to used to man these streets right? Back in the day. And then he was second place behind Jamar Chase in offensive rookie of the year voting.

0 (1h 41m 54s):
Nobody thought that Pat's team was gonna do anything. And the first, what were they? Eight and two or nine and two or something. And he was good that, I feel like the Colts game changed his legacy a little bit for not his legacy, his how teams played him. They had that that I think it was a night game and the Colts just stacked the line and were like, we dare you to throw over us. And he couldn't really do it. And then that was it. And that's, every team played them that way. They're like, oh cool, their receivers can't get open. We'll just, we'll just press. But I really feel like that second year they fucked them up and I, you know, I'm obviously in a very pro Belichick mode these days 'cause of that Apple documentary. But I think this was one of Belichick's massive mistakes was just not hiring an offensive coordinator and QB coach that could kind of treat Mac like a plant that needed to be watered and needed to be put in the sun and just take care of the asset.

0 (1h 42m 47s):
And I don't think they took care of the asset at all.

4 (1h 42m 50s):
There's no disagreement on taking care of it. It's like, Hey, you know what we're gonna do to you? We're gonna make it even harder. Yeah, but you're gonna, you're gonna appreciate this when you're older. It's like, no, can I just have a receiver? Like all the other rookie quarterbacks on their, on their first contract and then the Patricia part of it, like it was just, it's indefensible. I dunno still

0 (1h 43m 10s):
Save money or, or Belichick was afraid to bring somebody in but it was just the absolute weirdest

4 (1h 43m 16s):
Yeah,

0 (1h 43m 16s):
Strangest most inexplicable thing he did when he was the coach. There's no, how about,

4 (1h 43m 20s):
There's no number. How like that does that mean

0 (1h 43m 24s):
You're

4 (1h 43m 24s):
Like, wait, you had to give up something for him because this got so bad. Like he was so bad this year. I wonder if he's ruined and he'll never have the same opportunity.

0 (1h 43m 35s):
My dad thinks he is ruined but six round pick. It's like nothing.

4 (1h 43m 39s):
Yeah, but I don't even know why I'm giving up a sixth. Be like, I watched 2023. Like I'll just wait. I gotta outbid somebody because somebody offer you a seventh. Okay, here's a sixth.

0 (1h 43m 48s):
It's so hard to find a quarterback though. And there there's good history of guys with some pedigree who just completely fell apart and then changed teams and put it back. I mean, bak got a hundred million dollars today.

4 (1h 44m 0s):
Yeah, but that's actually really rare. Okay. What he Jim

0 (1h 44m 5s):
Have

4 (1h 44m 5s):
Done? Jim Bo, Doug Williams. So alright, so 50 years and then, okay, so I'll give you 40 years of

0 (1h 44m 10s):
Dub. Who's I got, trying to think of some letters. Jim sgi. Jim Harbaugh. It's

4 (1h 44m 18s):
Actually pretty rare. And he was so bad this past year. Like it kind of surprised me when I do go back and look at his rookie stats. And I personally was kind of like, you guys all gonna like my buddies? Like, are you guys gonna talk yourself into this? Because Brady got off to a slow offensive start that you have an ex Brady because you get a white guy back there.

0 (1h 44m 34s):
I was all in. I liked him. I, I thought,

4 (1h 44m 37s):
I'm aware, I'm aware. I remember I listened to the episode after they ran it a million times against Buffalo in the cold and you were like, I don't think the bills can recover from this as a franchise. You were ready to close the door. It's of

0 (1h 44m 47s):
My worst. Well now the bills are done. What did they win? They never made a super Bowl. Maybe w was I wrong?

4 (1h 44m 54s):
Who knows? We need more data.

0 (1h 44m 58s):
Yeah, it's too bad. I would love to sliding doors the Mac thing and come outta that rookie year and Belichick's like Mac, I got you this. I got you this. The other thing that's interesting is I really think he wanted to trade him last year and signed Mayfield like by all accounts, that really does seem like it was one of the breaking points with him and Kraft.

4 (1h 45m 18s):
I don't know how many there are. Maybe you're right about that. But I was thinking about it.

0 (1h 45m 23s):
Wickersham reported and Wickersham is pretty dialed in. Well

4 (1h 45m 25s):
Then that's all I need to know. Yeah. 'cause if, if Bill were still still there, this has Russell Wilson written all over it because he's cheap and he did it somewhere else and that checks to bill boxes like, oh wait, I can prove, because it's all offset language. So you go to Russell, Wilson being like, Hey whatever you you make from us, you just have to pay them back. So take as little from us as possible. Keep our cap,

0 (1h 45m 49s):
We we'll make the team better. And then I actually think he's a good asset. Wilson,

4 (1h 45m 54s):
I don't know. Here's what, here's what I would say about like the personality part of it, which I've already done. Is I gonna know what I'm getting? Am I getting a humbled Russell Wilson where it's like, enough of this bullshit is propaganda and the whole marketing of you and everything. Like can you be just a slightly more normal guy And I don't even know if he's capable of doing it. It's not a bet I would wanna make. So I kind of want to see it happen for him in Pittsburgh. I kind of want to see it, but I don't think Pittsburgh deserves that. I cannot think of Pittsburgh personality fit. But just think about that. Can you imagine a worse quarterback personality fit than in Russell? Wilson in the city of Pittsburgh? That'd be like having,

0 (1h 46m 28s):
Can't do it.

4 (1h 46m 29s):
Kirk Cousins in charge of the Freaknik documentary.

0 (1h 46m 34s):
That'd be amazing.

4 (1h 46m 36s):
Right?

0 (1h 46m 36s):
It just, I was thinking, I was thinking Atlanta made a ton of sense. If they took, you know, he

4 (1h 46m 44s):
Might be toast by the way. He might be like Done. Done.

0 (1h 46m 47s):
It looked like he didn't wanna get hit anymore was my read after, after watching. Especially in the late games. 'cause they were on a lot and there weren't a lot of late games. So, and it just seemed like he didn't wanna get hit anymore, which happens. But if you're just gonna get 'em for free, I think you gotta investigate it, you know?

4 (1h 47m 4s):
Yeah. Because I think there's eight or nine teams, you figure four or five of the eight or nine teams that don't know who their week one starter is. Yeah, you're right.

0 (1h 47m 13s):
I want him to go to a team that has a quarterback but they're not happy about the quarterback where he can be in like a QB battle. Like the Giants where it's like Daniel Jones or, or Wilson. Who's it gonna be? And the Giants fans are like, this

4 (1h 47m 26s):
Sucks. You know what? That's awesome. How'd we get in this? No, you just, you just hit it. It, it has to be the Giants. 'cause then he can leak stuff into the New York media. The New York media

0 (1h 47m 33s):
Can lose their minds. Yeah. Every day they're talking about who got more

4 (1h 47m 35s):
Rents. Danny Jones, poor guy's gonna be miserable. And then it's just gonna be Oh. yeah. I want bought

0 (1h 47m 41s):
An incredible apartment. Yeah, he bought like a $45 million apartment.

4 (1h 47m 44s):
He misses practice. He's a helicopter because he's filling in with Kelly Rippa

0 (1h 47m 49s):
And he's, he's working his media career already. Yeah, that'd be great. Giants are the best. Alright, Russillo. I will. I'll see you next Sunday.

4 (1h 47m 56s):
See you.

0 (1h 47m 59s):
All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Russillo. Thanks to Kyle, Creighton and Steve. Sir Rudy, as always, don't forget you can go to youtube.com/ Bill Simmons for eclipse and videos from this podcast and from the re watchable, new re watchable, come on Monday night risky business and I'll see you on this feed on Tuesday.

FanDuel (1h 48m 40s):
Must be 21 plus in President Select states. FanDuel is offering online sports wagering in Kansas under an agreement with Kansas Star Casino LLC gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit FanDuel dot com slash RG in Colorado, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Tennessee, Vermont, and Virginia. You can Call one hundred. Next step or text. Next step to 5, 3, 3, 4, 2 in Arizona, Call one, 8, 8, 7, 8, 9, 7, 7 7. Or visit cpg.org/chat Connecticut 1 809 with it in Indiana 1-800-522-FOUR 700. Or visit ks gambling help.com in Kansas, 1 8 7 7 7 7 0. Stop in Louisiana MD gambling help.org in Maryland, one 800 GAMBLER dot net in West Virginia or 1-800-522-FOUR 700 in Wyoming. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7. Support in Massachusetts or Call. one 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or text Hope and Y in New York.