0 (2s):
Coming up everything we learned about the NBA season so far, plus a Minnesota Timberwolves deep dive. Next.

1 (8s):
Here's Dave. That's me. His living room has a shrine dedicated to LeBron complete with a life-sized cutout. Morning LeBron. He hasn't washed his Lakers jersey ever since Shaq touched it. Ah, can you smell that? Free throws. And he knows exactly how many titles the Lakers have won. 17. It's 17. Oh, impressive.

Sportsbet (24s):
And so sports bets NBA same game multi. Combine all your favorite NBA markets in one bet for bigger odds with sports bet conditions apply. Chances are you're about to lose for free and confidential support, visit gambling help online.org au.

The Ringer Podcast Network (38s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night, me and Chris Ryan did Shot Collar as part of Rock Bottom month. This is an awesome, awesome, awesome movie. It's a prison movie. It's one of my favorite action movies of the last 10 years. And it's on Netflix now. If you wanna watch it before we post the podcast on Monday night, it will eventually land on my YouTube channel as well. youtube.com/ Bill Simmons, where we put up videos and clips from this podcast and from the re watchable as well. We do some walk and talk shorts, or I do on there as well.

0 (1m 14s):
Coming up on this podcast. Ryen Russillo and I are gonna talk about an incredible night of Sunday night hoops. And then we're gonna do everything we learned about the NBA season so far, which was really fun. Double segment. And then last but not least, a Minnesota Timberwolves deep dive into the Glen Taylor era, which I guess was the Glen Taylor error. And it's still going, but this is a very fun podcast. Talk some March Madness at the end as well. It's all next first from,

4 (2m 1s):
All right, we're taping this a little before seven o'clock Pacific Hunt on Sunday night. We're gonna play a game called What. did we learn this season? But before we do that

0 (2m 10s):
Sunday night, NBA was so exciting, so interesting, so explosive. All these games going out at once. Illa, they're, they're like afraid of March Madness. They kind of duck out on Friday and Saturday night and then they load the schedule for after the final eight games and we ended up with all in a Row. Okay, C, New York, Minnesota, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, golden State, all games. That meant something just all happening at the same time. It was complete chaos. We'll start with OKC, New York, which was an absolutely awesome, awesome, awesome game OKC. Every time I think I'm out, they pull me back in. I'll start there. What are you out?

0 (2m 51s):
I just always feel like they're too small and it seems inconceivable and it's like this is it. They can't do this once we get to the playoffs, how are they gonna, even in this Knicks game, the last minute the Knicks kept getting those offensive rebounds. Like see, this is what, this is what I'm saying about OKC, not enough size. And then of course they end up winning the game. And the thing that struck me as always with them, there's like this calm competitiveness to them, right? They make big shots and nobody celebrates. It's like handshakes after buzzer beaters with, with two seconds left on the clock. There's just just this competitive, calm, icy team that I think You know winning that game in New York with the crowd like that. Not easy.

5 (3m 30s):
No, that was an awesome game. It felt like MSG chaos. There was a stretch there where it was a turnover fest. Yeah. Nobody could make any free throws, so it was just kind of wild. So as I'm sitting there going, I, I'm just gonna feel bad for whoever loses this 'cause I don know that it means anything necessarily. But I understand your Thunder point because at this stretch with how deep this league is and in particular the West, you're looking at it through, well will this team be a team I think can win two rounds to get to the Western conference finals. So if you're knocking the Thunder for that, like I get it. It's the same thing with New York. Like this New York story is incredible. OGs out again, he barely plays. Randall's

0 (4m 8s):
Been out for a month and a half,

5 (4m 10s):
Way more than that. January 27th was his last game. Two months, Mitchell comes back, plays two games, injures the ankle again. So it's a barrage of threes the first half. It felt like New York was punking them a bit or especially in the third quarter because they're just physical and they're scrapping. It's like, no, you don't get to just set up and do whatever you want. Like we're coming after you. Yeah. And You know I watch New York and I, I'm like, this is one of the most incredible stories for who they've been and what Brunson's been able to do. But I can't help but think like it feels a bit like the 2017 Celtics with Isaiah Thomas running pick and roll at the top every single possession. Avery Bradley was the number two scoring option for that team.

0 (4m 54s):
Oh, Winnick had to get hot in a game seven.

5 (4m 56s):
Yeah. So it was awesome. But you go, all right, but like now, now what am I supposed to do? And well,

0 (5m 3s):
The only thing with them is they're an unfinished product, right? Because when Randall comes back, at least you now have a second option to go to and then an Obie is their best defender.

5 (5m 13s):
So, and with his shooting the way OG has shot historically from the corners and what he was doing when he came back, but it's just incredibly frustrating about his availability really throughout his career. So You know this is a, a tough one to have the lead OKC turns it on. And look, just an aside, Jalen Williams won is how I, I write him down because Jalen Williams two was starting to win me over. I held, it was a very personal resentment on a lot of the charge calls they got at Arkansas and he got all the calls and I hated it when I, when I watched these that tournament the year and did the draft stuff with him. But Jalen Williams won is a stud.

0 (5m 52s):
I'm so glad you brought this up because he's like one 50 to one to win most improved award. And I feel like if you, I mean I know it started last year in like the last six, seven weeks of the season. Like he really started to become like an 18, 19 points a game guy. But this guy hits big shots at the end of games over and over again the last few weeks he's hit monster buckets. Like not just like, oh, I was in the corner and somebody drew a double team and I hit one like shots that he created and scored on and he is also guarding the best guy on the other team You know at least half the time, unless Dork can do it for them. But I, I think as a two-way guy, we had to, we have to do one more ringer 100 that we had to do our You know Hunt ranked the hundred best players item 25th.

0 (6m 36s):
And I actually was like, is this, is this high enough? Should I like how how many two-way guys in the league are can do this? But you saw it tonight. I mean the guy Shaa was You know a little off and New York was throwing a lot of stuff at him and J Dub just just took it over. I I'm just wildly impressed by that dude, it's year two. He's, I don't think he's 22 yet. I think I wanna say he's 21. If you're doing like trade value, he would have to be in the top 15 to 16 now for what he is,

5 (7m 7s):
He's 23 in a couple weeks. His three point shooting jumped from like 34, 35 last year to 43 this year he's

0 (7m 14s):
Taking four more shots. He's the top 10 is a three point shooter in the whole league.

5 (7m 18s):
Yeah. And the thing I had mentioned last week on my pod You know because I've been just watching him a lot lately 'cause of their matchups and he's got that Kawaii shoulder drive where it doesn't have to be just a sprint. It's alright, okay cool. Like you think you shut me off. And even Houston in Thompson who's a terrific defender, but he is just still so young, his body hasn't filled out yet. He's like, I'm just gonna get into you and then I'm gonna get myself some space. Like he plays like a guy who's been playing like five, seven years in the league. And the other part of this Thunder thing is the giddy just stretch here where him SGA missing some games is the best thing that could have happened to Giddy this season a lot.

5 (8m 0s):
'cause you started to see it more and more this season where if Giddy were out there with Jalen Williams and SGA and depending on how they're using their bigs and look OKC can throw a ton of guys at you with their depth and rotation of what they wanna do. And, they all kind of are interchangeable, which is the beauty of this team. But there was always this sacrifice, like every team's always figuring out, okay, what's the one thing we can live with? And what you saw more and more teams doing is just like, look, just sag off at Giddy all the time

0 (8m 26s):
And GI and Jayden McDaniels in that Minnesota game today. They're like, good luck.

5 (8m 30s):
Yeah. Right, right. Like and Jayden's been better offensively here for a couple weeks too. But the game plan, they'll be like, all right, well You know, you still have to go ahead and prove it to us. And Giddy got Di Vincenzo twice, he hit the three, he had 12 points I think in the fourth quarter. Yeah. And it's reminded us kind of who he was as a draft prospect because his minutes have declined, shot attempts have declined, the shooting has gone down. But this is a really important stretch. Like if he has a nice run in the playoffs, I think these couple weeks here are gonna be the things that unlocked him.

0 (9m 3s):
That's a good point. The one thing you mentioned on Jalen Williams, you mentioned the Kauai thing. I'm gonna be careful, I did this last week talking about Jalen Green and I was like, You know, I'm not saying he reminds me young Kobe, I'm just saying there's a couple moments where I'm like, oh he looks like late nineties Kobe when he goes to the basket when the second air, by the way,

5 (9m 21s):
All sane people understand what's happening when we do this. Okay. Yeah. Like nobody's just, we're like nobody thinks Anthony Edwards is actually gonna be better than fucking Michael Jordan. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

0 (9m 31s):
We're officially

5 (9m 32s):
Expressions

0 (9m 33s):
Pieces, right? There's pieces, we're just talking pieces. There's a lot of Kauai. When I watched Jalen Williams and I was thinking like Kauai Leonard year two, what was going on there? Well they made the 2013 finals that year. That was the year when we really started to wonder what, what's going on with this guy? Like this guy's guarding LeBron and that was the You know that was the best version ever of LeBron and Kawai seemed pretty comfortable in the mix with him and and was just playing crunch time. And it was during that run we were saying to ourselves, this might be a possible they could pass the torch to him down the road. It seemed conceivable. Jalen Williams is further ahead of the game than Kawhi was in year two.

0 (10m 14s):
And I, and I think of a lot of similarities, it's body-wise offensively. He's better already and could he be Kawhi 2.0 I think is a real question.

5 (10m 22s):
Don don't know if he'll reach Kauai defensively. That's, that's a pretty big ask. But as far as offensively where it was, it wasn't until year five for Kauai where he was actually somebody taking enough shots to be thought of as like, okay, this guy's a real threat. I mean he was still at what, 10 shots a game in his third year. But You know when

0 (10m 42s):
You, but when you were watching Kauai in year two, were you thinking this guy has a chance to be like Pippin defensively? Because I, I think we talked about it, but I don't think it was like a lock or anything. He, we could see the seeds.

5 (10m 54s):
Kawhi was such a strange evaluation 'cause he was like, it felt like he was a power forward in college at times. Right. And you were just like, I don't like what do you do with this guy? Because it looks like really good. But I, I think the similarity that I like that you're going with here is it doesn't mean the guy has to be exactly like him or surpass him career wise or match it. Where at some points it felt like Kauai was living in a neighborhood who's the best player in a league. Yeah. Like there were times you're like, okay, he's the best player in the league. Maybe he didn't have the belt for long enough to actually say he technically had the belt the way you do it. Because I think the way you do it keeps us kind of smart You know it's like a year thing. It's not, hey yeah you were, you were January

0 (11m 26s):
Like

5 (11m 26s):
A month and a half. Right? Exactly. Exactly. But Kauai has athleticism that we forget about and then he'll do something where you go, oh my God. And it's not the Jalen Green stuff or the Anthony Edwards stuff, it's just this other stuff that he does with his body control that that it blows your mind that he does it. And I think Jalen Williams has some of that stuff or it's never as impressive as a Jalen Green thing, but there's just ways he, he'll just work guys and then he'll explode on some of these drives. Like that Donkey had tonight was was just, and it was a huge part of the game too. So You know that's the thing is like two scores like that that seem to be really complimentary of each other. Which I think you're seeing more and more with Kyrie and Luca in Dallas.

5 (12m 8s):
Yeah. Like that's the kind of stuff that gets me excited. Now granted, there's other things I'd like to see too. The rebounding Hass gotten a little bit better. But yeah, I mean it gets back to like, will Chet, will Chet be enough to get you outta the West?

0 (12m 19s):
You know it would've been nice if they did anything at the trade deadline that could have helped.

5 (12m 22s):
I think we've covered that. Yeah.

0 (12m 24s):
Hayward's 11 minutes tonight. That was your big move. Yeah, we got, what'd you do with the deadline? We got a guy that was 11 minutes. Come on. Three more games to quickly run through. By the way, shout out to the Knicks crowd. Just an awesome crowd tonight. Awesome. Like really, really, really great. And it, and it came through the tv. I loved it. Minnesota. Chicago. So Minnesota has the conference All of a sudden they hands tonight for a second, right? It's like, oh, they'll be Chicago, the Knicks are gonna beat okc, Minnesota's gonna be the one seed. And all of a sudden this is what the Bulls do. The Bulls are the best 500 team I've ever watched in my life. Because there's nights when they look like if you just, if you were like in a coma and you woke up and you just watch basketball for one night and you watch the Bulls, you'd be like, is that, are they gonna be in these finals?

0 (13m 13s):
Like what's their record like 55 and 20? It's like, no, no, they're 38 and 39. They just do it. They, they came down the stretch And, they out crunched time. A Minnesota team that really need it. They, they just used McDaniel's against Minnesota. And it was the first time watching Minnesota where I was like, okay, I know it's fun to say they don't need towns and this is more fun and blah blah blah. But they actually need towns.

5 (13m 39s):
Chicago is Clutch city. I mean this team plays so many clutch games every single night. And it's funny, if you look at the Post all-star break breakdown of this stuff, they actually have the number five clutch offense in the NBA in comparison to Minnesota. It's number 22. Now granted some of the clutch stuff can get a little weird. Yeah. Like if you look at net rating for Clutch, there'll be a team that has the same net rating at the other team and the records are completely different. And how many of you played Chicago should be very comfortable in clutch games because it feels like 75% of them are clutch games. And yeah, I'm always gonna worry about Minnesota's execution. It just, I started kind of buying into Ann enough going like, I think he'll, he'll win you more games than he'll lose you.

5 (14m 19s):
But it's really about Jayden, it's about Alexander Walker hitting threes, NAS Reed having to You know, obviously step up with his commitment. Like they were so good against Denver and granted it was Denver without Murray because when you watch Gobert it was like, okay wait, you're gonna put Nas Reed on Yoic and then you're gonna put Gobert on Aaron Gordon. So that whole baseline dunker thing like that just means you're bringing Gobert closer to Yoic now. So now if you're gonna bring Gordon out, cool. Yeah, we're not, we're gonna have go closing out to him at the three point line. So I don't, I don't know how much I I I expected probably more of these Timberwolves games for them offensively because that's kind of who they are in some of these late spots.

5 (14m 59s):
But I'm still like relatively pleased. The record has been good enough to still be fighting for the one seed here with a week and a half to go. There

0 (15m 7s):
Were eight and a half point favorites tonight. You me there, if you look at the West, if you look at the West right now, OKCs one, Denver is two and Minnesota's three, which would mean it's probably Minnesota, new Orleans, this could all flip. There's eight games left. Teams play each other. It's too early to say. But the three seat is kind of where I don't wanna be. I don't wanna play that New Orleans team. Well, we'll go into them when we do what we learn this season. But I wanna be in one of the top two seats. Dallas Houston. This is a real thing that happened because I wrote down all the Awards odds for the podcast tonight. And Luca was plus seven 50 to win MVP on FanDuel.

0 (15m 48s):
He had 32 points at halftime of this, of this Houston game. And the odds dropped to five to one because he was that good. I mean it was one of, it was one of the best halves anyone's played all season. It was ridiculous. It felt like if he really wanted to, he could add 70. They killed Houston. Houston needed the game to Golden State's playing at the same time. Golden State ends up beating San Antonio. Houston's now two back Dallas went into that game and you could feel it in the first quarter where they were like, You know what, no enough with enough with your streak. It's, it's a cute story. But now you're with the big boys. There's some Texas stuff there that's Dallas.

0 (16m 28s):
Houston's a nice little rivalry in general. Luca just killed them. And then Kyrie took over in the second half, Dallas now Orc 12 and two in their last 14. They're in a tie now for the division with New Orleans and for the five spot, they're second in net in the last 14. And then Luca feels like this is about the best we've seen him night to night. Would you say that this is the most comfortable he's seen is just like, like a 30 to 35 a night with like eight, nine and it just seems like that's every night now

5 (17m 3s):
I think it's the best because I think it's the most comfortable he's ever been not having to have the basketball as much as he's had it throughout his career. And that's the thing I've noticed the most from them late in games where You know they'll let Kyrie Cook and this is all basketball people ever wanted from Kyrie is just, hey, we understand who you are as a player, but let's just see it for a little while. Yeah, I mean this is somebody that hasn't had a playoff moment now for like eight years. So when it's stable and when it's like this and Gifford's been a nice plus, I like PJ Washington more than you do, but I, I think there's just the minutes are being used on better players after those two guys and they'll be, there'll be stretches with Dallas where I'll look at them and go, Hey wait in like he's actually in, but he's okay off the ball.

0 (17m 53s):
Such a good point. It was like, oh I thought that was Maxie Cleaver. Oh it's, it's Luca my bad. I ca I was, I was squinting at the tv. Yeah, And, they can do this wingman roulette thing with Jones and Exo and Josh Green. It's like kind of one of them will have a going every game and you never know which one. Like in the game a couple nights ago, EXIM hit the biggest three of the game. But I, I think it's a really important point about Kyrie, this feels the most 2016, 17 Cavs ish of any point in his career in seven years where he just seems super comfortable when Luca has it going. You can kind of watch what Kyrie does if you're, if you just see him on the tv, he knows he is not getting the ball and he is fine with it and he's just just kind of waiting and he waits and he waits and then he'll have his little run when he gets to take a couple shots.

0 (18m 38s):
But I think with the Luca piece of it, if I'm the Clippers, I'm like how did this happen? Like this couldn't now be the four five for us. We're gonna have this guy again. And if there's a legacy of the of the Kauai Paul George thing, Luke is kind of the foil for this whole era for them. Right. He's super comfortable against him. He loves playing them. There's the Kyrie piece too and it's, I just would not wanna see them in the five seat. That would be the most fun. I think that would be the most fun round one series. Right? If it's Dallas Clippers, that's like gotta watch every minute of that series.

5 (19m 22s):
Yeah. And good luck figuring out the Clippers. I know they beat Charlotte today. Paul Georges shot against Jonathan Isaac the other night in Orlando to close that out. Holy shit was like an all timer. And George had been pretty bad up until the last few possessions of that game. And then he hit one of the most impressive shots of the season to

0 (19m 41s):
Do against against Isaac I against Jonathan Isaac. It was like nobody had League Pass on the clipper bench. They're like, Hey Paul, just take that tall guy, see if you can take him off the drip.

5 (19m 49s):
Well I think, I think he thought he was gonna get rid of him in the wash and then he still like he threw him a fake and Isaac recovers enough to then get out and contest. And George is You know, it's almost like a fighter where he knew the length, like he knew where he had to be on the release it, it's great. But the Clippers defense since the all-star break.

0 (20m 10s):
Mm.

5 (20m 11s):
It's so bad that I, I don't know that you can just chalk it Up to hey these guys have been here before. 'cause collectively they haven't like it was like a lot like the Nets thing where when they had everybody kind of working, it still didn't really feel like it had it all that often. I mean it wasn't that many games, but you were like, okay, when these guys get together and you're like, I'd just like to see it for like two months. And for two months we got that And, they were locked in, they were smoking everybody. And now when you look at their defense, it's 20, let me see here, 27th. Seventh

0 (20m 39s):
I have in their last, last 20, their 27th defensive

5 (20m 43s):
Rating. Yeah. So that's down there with Chicago and four teams that are tanking. I mean it's not, not just bad, it's terrible. So

0 (20m 50s):
You know Portland has a better defensive rating than them the last 20 games. Charlotte has a better defensive rate than the last 20 games. I do you think with, with the Clippers You know in the NFL every year there's the team, like it was the Dolphins last year, the team, the first 10 weeks of the season, it's one thing and then the more we have tape on them, the weather starts to turn and then all of a sudden the moment's just gone. I can't decide if the moment's gone yet for the Clippers, but it just feels like whatever style they had that seems, it's like, what's this? Oh my God, how do you stop this? And now there's enough tape that teams seem super comfortable against them, especially offensively attacking them.

5 (21m 33s):
I just can't believe they're d There's no way the defense should be that bad. There's no way the defense should be that bad. There's

0 (21m 38s):
A little bit of a malaise with them too again where you're just, it, it's like a top five or six unhappiest team for like 20 minutes when you're watching League Passage just flipping around and it's like, oh, what's wrong with those guys? Then they'll snap out of it. But I, the joy that those guys had in December or January it feels like has gone south a little bit. And the Paul George thing, You know this is a real thing. The Philly, the Philly Enquirer wrote about it a few days ago about that they're targeting George And. they have all this cap space. But I think, I think there's a lot of people curious like if Dallas, let's say Dallas beats the Clippers in round one, is Paul George gonna be just pumped to be like, all right, let's run it back. I'll I'll sign my last contract and let's do this again.

0 (22m 20s):
Or would he wanna You know sniff around somewhere else because he's the guy that gets the least credit outta all those guys. It's Kauai Harden and then it's kind of like, oh yeah, and Paul George You know and meanwhile he's got a legitimate 13 mile BA candidate. But I'd be interested to see if he sticks around if they get bounced like in five by Dallas.

5 (22m 40s):
I just don't know why the Clippers wouldn't figure out a way just to get it done because whatever you think he is Yeah, you, you're saying that he would say, I don't care about the money now and you guys could have extended me. You didn't. So now I'm just gonna leave because we lost the first

0 (22m 53s):
Round. Yeah, you extended Kauai, you didn't do it with me and You know what, good luck everybody. I had fun. Thanks for having me. And that's it.

5 (23m 3s):
One other thing on the clippers though, 'cause I looked this up. Yeah, because I was like, all right, what else is happening? The the defensive number's so bad, bill. I just don't think it can be attributed to anything other than just not caring. Like it's, it's so bad. I don't know that it's just tape don don't know that it's the dolphins offense. There you go. Wait a minute. If you guys do this or if it's a certain team, like they're just, they're actually not a great matchup. And that whole thing was fake and it doesn't really matter now. I I I'm not there yet with it, although I'd be scared to death of 'em a Clippers fan and it's Luca again in the first round considering the history and how great those great those series were. Yeah, but I was looking at the number of passes 'cause you just know, like, you just know who those teams are gonna be that don't pass the ball a ton. And sometimes when I think of the transition to regular season of the playoffs, like that's something that scares me.

5 (23m 46s):
It's like, do you guys ever move the ball? Does anybody ever cut off the ball? Like do you become easier to defend once everybody's more locked into their effort level? So the Clippers are not surprisingly last in passes per game in the NBA. So you go, oh, okay there it's they're last. Yeah, they, they throw the least amount of passes in a game. Just count total passes. Okay. But here's the thing, Oklahoma City, Boston, the Lakers, Milwaukee, Houston and Dallas are all in the bottom eight with Toronto who's terrible. So, so it's

0 (24m 17s):
The more heliocentric teams,

5 (24m 18s):
It's more of we have the better players and we don't want you getting rid of the basketball even though Denver's gonna throw passes. Golden State's just different. Nobody's ever gonna be Golden State. Yeah, You know. So you can't really compare it to that. But You know when you looked at that number the first time, I'm like, oh, I found something they don't. And then you go, wait a minute, who else doesn't You know? Like alright, I don't think that's it. Well

0 (24m 41s):
The last game we had tonight was San Antonio Golden State. Golden State held on San Antonio's starting lineup. Champi Osmond, Tys Jones, Braham. That's who they're putting with one of the best prospects of the last 50 years of basketball. Well and yet San

5 (25m 1s):
So Hand and Kelvin were all out even though they played the other.

0 (25m 3s):
I get it, I get it. And Weby still had 32, 9 and five three blocks and, and kept dispersed in that game. And Golden State held on, they have a two game lead over Houston. We seem safe now for a Lakers. Golden State nine 10, who knows don don't trust Golden State. They could, they could go backwards in one second and all of a sudden we'd be like, oh my God, why did I fall for that? But they have one four in a row and it seems like that Orlando game when Draymond gets kicked out in four minutes, they're on the road. Steph's not having a good game and it just all the, it was all lined up for their season to go sideways. And, they fought And, they kept it. And Clay's been a lot better the last month. Anyway, we're gonna take a break.

0 (25m 44s):
We're gonna talk about San Antonio under the context of What. did we learn this season is next?

FanDuel (25m 52s):
FanDuel's putting ball in your court for the rest of the NBA season. Right now new customers get $200 in bonus bets with any winning $5 bet that is 200 bucks. If your bet wins. I just did a tweet about this on Sunday. It was talking about the Minnesota Denver OKC log jam in the west. And Denver had the best odds to win the conference mostly because of their schedule. But you should watch how those odds move. 'cause you can bet on the division which is basically bidding on the one seed. You could also bet on Dallas versus New Orleans who's gonna have a higher record with them. You could bid on all the NBA Awards so many fun things to do. You could do quick bets, live same game parlays player props some more for the individual games. And by the way, in North Carolina, the weight's over FanDuel officially live in the Tarheel state. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. Make your first bet of layup FanDuel official sports book partner of the BA You must be 21 plus in president select state's game prom. Call one 800 GAMBLER or visit rg help com. First online Real Money wager only ten first deposit required bonus issued as non bonus splits that expires seven days after receipt C terms at sportsbook FanDuel com.

7 (26m 57s):
Jonesy, you ever run a marathon? No, mate. Eh? Thought you'd never ask. I didn't. Yeah. So I've run the Bay mile, the Great Ocean Cup, the North mile down south North. Down south, exactly. Then the east sprint out west the Titanic in 15. But that was mostly underwater. What

Sportsbet (27m 12s):
For those who like to keep track, try sports bets. NBA same game multi tracker. Track your multi live all in one place with sports bet conditions Apply. Chances are you're about to lose for free and confidential support, visit gambling help online.org au.

0 (27m 27s):
All right, RACC, I asked you to play a game with me called What. did we learn this season where we just wrote down a bunch of big picture things about this season that we think we'll summarize the season, describe what happened this season ultimately be what we remember just about the regular season because the playoffs are You know and we're not just talking the Tipco, oh my God. Yoic three VPs, four years. Like just things that jump out. And we mentioned Weby at the start of, at the end of the last break. If Weby stays healthy, he's going to be the greatest center since Shaq. I think that's, I would lock that in and I think greatest center since Kareem is really in play for me and I was looking at his stats and I was thinking in the context of he's 22, 12 and four this year, right?

0 (28m 16s):
22 points, 12 rebounds for assists. And he's averaging three and a blocks a game. Now he should 47%. That's the worst his stats are ever gonna be. And if you go back and you, you look at some of the greatest players in the history of the league, LeBron as a rookie, 21 a game, 44%, he shot 29% from three. Shaq was 23 a game. Hakeem was 21 and 12. Durant was 20 points a game, 43% shooting 29% from three Luca was 21 8 and six 43%. You look at guys like Dirk, Kobe, Curry, Giannis, kg Yoki, you can't even talk about the rookie years.

0 (28m 57s):
The point is like there's gonna be a 25 to 40% bump from rookie year stats to Apex stats. Which means if you just look at his rookie season and then try to translate it, does this mean he's gonna average like 28, 17 and six with five blocks a game? I don't even know what the fucking ceiling is. I just know I've never seen anybody like this guy before. What he did in that Knick game the other night, which I know you watched that was, I I, I was like stupefied watching that it, it looked like when dad decides to play with the kids and it's Nerf hoop in the bedroom and then the dad just starts dunking and it's like, it's like, come on dad, you're ruining the game.

0 (29m 43s):
Wendy's like dad in the Nerf game. It's like, come on, stop man ca you can't stand that close to the room. It's not fair. Come on. That's what he's doing with adults in the best league we have. And I just think that that for me, the ceiling is now off don don't know what to expect. But if you told me he's gonna be the best center since Kareem, I would be more prone to believe that than to not believe it. So that's gonna be the number one thing I I I say we learned this season is he's even a better prospect than he was hyped.

5 (30m 11s):
Yeah, he's better. Yeah, he's been better. Like even if he had struggled and looked like, 'cause there were some moments at the beginning of the year where I was like, oh it looks a little clunky getting into some of the offense and it's still, it's like tonight was so bad because of the lineup that we were talking about and you're like, Hey do you guys figure out like a decent pass to him? They tried to throw him one where he was like sprinting into a crowd in the paint transition And. they threw it like at his waist and you were like, what the fuck are you guys doing? Then there was another baseline. I heard him. Yeah, there's another baseline cut where he just, he actually looked at the guy and point he was right at the rim and he just pointed straight up being like, hey just, just throw it in the air like casual in the middle of the play. And then it was like, oh that's right I can just throw it up there to him and then he has it.

5 (30m 54s):
Yeah and then he throw it

0 (30m 54s):
To the Sefa five guy who could reach at the top of the backboard,

5 (30m 58s):
The drop step turnaround and one sort of dunk on Jackson Davis' payback for when he got him. And I'm still You know it's, it's three guys for defensive player of the year. It's Rudy, it's Herb Jones or it's it's Wingman Yma. And I know most no one else would vote for women Yma. I know we've already discussed it. It was the breakout video and the whole deal. I just don't think there's anybody else in the lead that gets to guys to do U-turns the way he does and Gobert does it plenty. I think there's some with one bema where you have guys who are like, Nope. And then the three dudes will be stuck on one side of the paint being like, well what the hell? Like I thought you were gonna keep going and you're supposed to cut it. I'm supposed to flare. And it's like, I don't know, don don't wanna go near, you're right

0 (31m 38s):
I don. It's like a, it's like a two second reset. We're like, oh wait, whoa, we're

5 (31m 42s):
Okay. Right? They gotta play. Oh you go over there, they gotta bring it back out. It's like you start the shock clock with like five less seconds when he is out there because the first thing you go to do if you're around him, you're like, wait, I don don't even, I don't want to get embarrassed. I don't wanna do this. And it doesn't even really show up in a stat other than You know, maybe a tougher shot a little bit later on. So I'm with you. I don't really know what the ceiling would be. I, I don't like if you're, if you're just talking raw numbers and the growth that we have with the best players, it's a great way to look at it. 'cause you look at those rookie years and you're like yeah this might be the worst number. It'll depend on how much better the roster is around him. How many shots does he want to take? Yeah. Do they suck Again,

0 (32m 19s):
What can a real point guard do for him? Just somebody who can get him 10 easy points A game just on LOBs and and just good entry passes.

5 (32m 27s):
Yeah. Do they add something? Do we get surprised that summer where they add somebody who's been around and wants his 20 shots? You know. So does that impact like if they're terrible again, but just somebody who can set him up a little bit better. I don know why he couldn't get 30. If they're gonna give him 18 to 20 shots a game, could

0 (32m 44s):
He get 30? Seems realistic. Especially if he starts hitting more threes. You're right. I probably went too low on the points. One thing that he does that I don't ever, there's been other guys that do this occasionally, but don don't remember seeing this quite this way, is his offensive rebound tip backs or his AlleyOOP where he just kind of redirects AlleyOOP. But these off balance ones where it doesn't even occur to you as it's happening that he's gonna actually score and then he scores like it'll be somebody's shot. He's behind somebody who's boxing him out and he'll just reach over and like flick the offensive rebound in and you're like, wait, did that, hey was that legal? Was that, and it's like, yeah that was legal.

0 (33m 25s):
But it's honestly the only thing I can remember like this is watching those wilt tapes from the early sixties when Wilt was going, it's all those six nine white guys and the offensive goal tending was legal and shots would just go around the rim and would just come in and like tip them in. And, but Wendy's doing it. It's not offensive goal attending, but he just puts so now that he's starting to figure out, oh when I'm around the paint, good things usually happen now that that part's unlocked. His just arms create baskets constantly. And You know this stretch that he is now having now it feels legitimate to me. I also, we talked about this last week, but I love how, I love how competitive he is. You know like that Knicks game, he gave the, he gave the speech after to the sideline person in front of the, where they, where they interview the player and he was just like, we couldn't have done this without you San Antonio.

0 (34m 14s):
Like he's just been coached perfectly. He went to like superstar camp in France for 10 years where there's like, here's what you do in this situation, here's what you do in this situation. He's just got it. He's got every piece of it. And I'm, I'm like I could not be more all in. I am all a hundred percent in.

5 (34m 31s):
I can't wait until like five or six years when he hasn't won a ring yet and guys are just shitting on him on tv. That's when we'll know he's really arrived. Right?

0 (34m 39s):
We need a backlash.

5 (34m 41s):
Kirk start

0 (34m 42s):
Laughing shots at him

5 (34m 43s):
Because it is going to happen. And it's like, just remember these moments, remember these moments where nothing was really at stake and it was so much fun And could he potentially add to the list of people that exceeded absurd expectations because the list is like Tiger and LeBron and You know T

0 (35m 5s):
Sort of Peyton Manning.

5 (35m 8s):
Yeah. Yeah. But I mean he is just tough that his contemporary got seven of them and Right. You know he ended up with a second one obviously in

0 (35m 15s):
Denver mostly.

5 (35m 17s):
Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. But and the personality part, like if you're talking about him gonna star camp, like obviously this has to be natural though. This has to be really who he is. And we had Doug McDermott on the pod this week of course I was like look, I'm gonna do five minutes on one Bama. And I think the most revealing part of that was like, Hey, when guys go at him, he's into it. He's like pissed. Yeah. Like, oh you thought,

0 (35m 42s):
Well remember the Chet thing was the most fun part of the season almost for him when they were just doing the mono and mono thing. That was great.

5 (35m 49s):
It's the best sign that that's the way he feels about himself. Because You know you can have all the talent, you can have all the size, you can be the most heralded prospect, but you never really know. Like deep down some guys are like, this is a little harder than I thought. Or this is annoying. Or maybe I'll You know I'll get my max deal and maybe year five I'll really start to like, yeah, change my approach. It seems like from day one he's everything you could want and that's why I'm, I'm just so happy about it for him. But it is inevitable. The roommate theory will strike again 'cause it's probably gonna take a while. Well I don't maybe, I don't know, maybe the ceiling is different for him and that he's gonna be so good that he's gonna raise people up around him. But it's just, it's funny how it happens with these stars.

5 (36m 31s):
It's the same timeline come in. Everybody loves you. Like it's gonna happen to ant like if ant doesn't get one in two years

0 (36m 41s):
Right.

5 (36m 42s):
It just sucks. It's

0 (36m 43s):
Is he taking this seriously enough?

5 (36m 46s):
He's a little, is he a little too goofy?

0 (36m 48s):
Does he need to change the people around him? Yeah.

5 (36m 50s):
Right. Everything we love about his personality now. Like he's country. Yeah. It's funny every like his one liners after the dunk in Utah, all the stuff that he was saying and you're like, my God, who is this guy? And then we'll take all of those things and you'll have not changed at all and you will not want enough for us. And we'll start wondering if you are different even though you're not.

0 (37m 15s):
He's in another Sandler movie. Is he taking this seriously enough?

5 (37m 19s):
Yeah. Yeah. It's the, it's when Ro McElroy got a girlfriend, I'll never forget that TV show. He was like, well you got a girlfriend is he's the only fucking golfers having sex. He's the only one God you'd think he would've held out longer.

0 (37m 36s):
I say this carefully, Wendy's season has been so good that there's now only two paths for how the rest of his career goes. Either he becomes at least what Shaq was and maybe Kareem or knock on what I, I hope this doesn't happen, but You know like a Ralph Sampson direction where he gets hurt or Bill Walton like that direction and he becomes this amazing what if or like, oh my God, if Weby hadn't gotten hurt.dot and obviously we talked about last week how light on his feet he was, I actually think, I think athletically and coordination and I just, if he gets hurt I don, I don't think it would be any less realistic than anyone else getting hurt.

0 (38m 17s):
I, when I watch him it doesn't strike me as some of these other centers. You know we talked about Yao and Odin and you just watch the way those guys moved up and down the corner you're like, ooh, can't imagine watching this for 15 Years's light on his feet. So I think that's positive but the ceiling has been, what do you have for your first What? did we learn this season?

5 (38m 40s):
I've got a few.

0 (38m 42s):
I thought we could alternate.

5 (38m 43s):
Alright, why don't you go first?

0 (38m 45s):
That was a good one though. When we had to hit the hardest.

5 (38m 51s):
I've got a few, why don't you go first?

0 (38m 53s):
Okay. 304 million for Jalen Brown fucking worth it. You know what, that guy's been awesome. I'm so proud of that guy. You could go one of two ways when you get a contract like that, that guy has made himself better. He's been the best player in the team for the last six weeks. He guarded Dame Lillard and Zion Williamson within the span of eight days and took the challenge and was like, I wanna fucking do this and went hard. He makes big shots, he's gotten better. He is worked on his left hand. There's an alpha side to him now that I just didn't think existed. And I think he's the biggest reason.

0 (39m 35s):
If you're just looking on variables of things you didn't expect. I knew poor Zynga had a chance to be really good. I knew Drew Holiday was gonna be good. I knew this team was talented, but he went up a level and for me he's, he's an absolute all NBA guy now. And I think it's gonna be unfair for, we're using stats to compare these dudes because Tatum could have better stats and Jalen Brown could have better stats if those guys cared about stats. They do not care about stats this season. They, they're doing all the little shit to try to help the team win. And it's stuff like yesterday when he is like, let me guard Zion, I'm gonna take him. And that was the biggest reason they won that game. I just think he's been awesome and it's like he took so much shit for that contract and everybody should apologize.

5 (40m 18s):
The defense against New Orleans as that game developed was off the charts was

0 (40m 22s):
Like, did You know that he had it in him

5 (40m 24s):
To do that? Well it's funny 'cause there was one moment in the game where he was standing directly next to Tatum and it was just one of those reminders like how guys are size wise, You know like, man Tatum is significantly bigger than Jalen Brown. And you're like, but Jalen is taking on whether it was the Dame assignment, the Zion stuff. I like how you rounded up his left hand 'cause I'm not there with you yet. Well

0 (40m 47s):
It's a, it's, it's not a, it's not an out buttross, it's still not awesome. Ah, we'll see. And by the way, him dribbling in traffic, I'm still nervous every time. I'm not saying he's perfect.

5 (40m 56s):
Were you feeling this way after they blew the 30 point lead to Atlanta on the first back-to-back loss to Atlanta, when they decided to just stop, did they run out of passes in that game in the fourth quarter? They were like, Hey guys, like challenges we're out of passes so don't pass it to anybody four minutes ago. I don't

0 (41m 11s):
Know what to don don't know what to say about the last two minutes of some of these Celtic games. You know what's it what's, here's what I'm hoping Silla. So first half of that New Orleans Boston game was awesome. It was really good. It was an up and down. Both teams really wanted it. I thought Zion was great, like just really playing hard and the Celtics didn't get a couple calls near the end the first half and came out in the second half pissed off and played the best quarter they played in a long time. But one of the things I loved was they just went through poor Zynga And. they were like, oh, You know what we should do is go through our seven foot three guy that they don't really have a matchup for. And this is my point about crunch time when they played through Poor Zynga, the other team panics and don don't know why they haven't figured that out yet.

0 (41m 55s):
Maybe they're saving it for the playoffs, but when they play through him either on the foul line or in the low block, the other team panics and they'll send a second guy and now you have space and now you have open shooters. When they just have Jalen or Tatum dribbling 25 feet from the basket and everyone else is standing around, it's easy to stop. The other team's rooting for you to do that. And I, to me, poor Zynga is the crunch time weapon in this team that they just don't use. And last night they used it or yesterday.

5 (42m 24s):
I generally agree with you You know, it's one of those things whenever we talk about like some of these bigger decisions and you sit in a room and you go, Hey, do we wanna make Jalen Brown the highest paid player in the history of the sport? Then you should sit there and be able to say no. But it's just not the way that it works with NBA contracts. It's why we don't have a choice. Yeah. Okay. So whatcha gonna do, you just gonna let them walk to prove a point you're gonna hold out. And so then what, when you look at the salary structure, what you owe everybody else. So I'm, I'm generally with you, I just had to push back on the left hand thing a little bit. I'm gonna stay on that theme though because this is good. This is something I've been thinking about. If I were a feature writer, I would do this piece. I would talk to GMs from multiple sports and I would talk about this and maybe it had to do with don don't know. A couple months ago I went to go play hoops and a dad and his son kicked us off because they said they had drill work to do.

5 (43m 12s):
Oh. And I said, why don't you just have your son play with us? And he was like, whatcha nuts playing a game to, to learn basketball. So I don't wanna make this about

0 (43m 21s):
To learn how to interact with other players You know in a chemistry fashion. Nah.

5 (43m 27s):
So I have a working theory. I'm pretty sure it's right, but You know there's been a multiple multiple, there have been multiple factors on why we've seen some of the offensive explosion and of course the officiating correction that we've seen a month or so. But it's ever an easier score on top of we've never had better scores, we've never had more talented players. It's just not debatable, but it's unbelievable. Sometimes I wonder if too much of the off season work goes into individual performance where you're working on these drills solely to try to have like as many finishing moves, as many moves into your shot as you possibly can have.

5 (44m 13s):
Because you'll see these isolated moves in games state, you're like, I can't even believe he thought that was a good idea. And it went in and I'm talking across the league like SGA shot that beat the Knicks. Like that was a brutal shot. Now granted he had McBride on him, so it was a little easy to shoot over the top McBride was the original defensive assignment. So it wasn't kind of some switch with four seconds left. So You know that's that's a different debate for New York. Did you think

0 (44m 36s):
It was going in?

5 (44m 37s):
No, not from that angle and the way he turned around on it. But like every night there's so many of those shots. Yeah, you're like this, this league is stacked, but I think it's hurting execution at times. And I've asked him, and you

0 (44m 53s):
Almost need a name for this theory. It's like the, the individual skill,

5 (44m 59s):
Personal trainer theory,

0 (44m 60s):
Albatross personal trainer albatross theory.

5 (45m 3s):
So the stuff that you're working on, and I wasn't gonna go there, but, but it takes away from like, okay, but do you, do You know what ha are you recognizing the help tendencies? Are you taking a shot? Like I was at a Clippers Lakers game, the big comeback with LeBron. Yeah, there was a two for one where it was Westbrook I think hardened to end a quarter. It was one of the worst two for ones like Westbrook tried it and then Harden tried it or the other way around. No, that wouldn't have worked. No. Excuse me. Westbrook wasn't playing. It was DeAngelo Russell, one of my other favorites. And then Harden tried his And. they were just two absolute dog shit shots. And you're like, cool guys.

5 (45m 43s):
You, you both tried to out two for one each other. And so I wonder if there are coaches or general managers that would say, and I've, I've talked to a few people that think I'm onto something with it or they've talked about it and then I, I asked a hockey guy, I asked a guy lives out here, works for an NHL front office and I said, look, this is something I'm noticing in basketball. But I don't know enough about h I'll never know anything about hockey to feel like I'm comfortable talking about it. But when I'll see videos of guys and their stick skills and some of the shit they're doing, I'm like, do you have the best individual skills you've ever had in your sport? But guys kind of just don't know what the fuck to do. And he was like, it's all we talk about.

0 (46m 26s):
Oh wow.

5 (46m 27s):
Yeah.

0 (46m 28s):
Handlin poor.

5 (46m 34s):
I just, I I did a good job. I just wonder if, if guys are working on like stuff that happens in a game and learning about like You know you can make this a little easier on yourself despite your toolbox of absurd moves that gets you free for a make.

0 (46m 55s):
Do you think what you're talking about is actually a microcosm of real life?

5 (46m 59s):
Whoa. People

0 (46m 60s):
Working on their own stuff and not spending enough time with other people?

5 (47m 3s):
You just Derek Thompson me. Yeah,

0 (47m 5s):
I, I went full plain English on your ass. I really like that theory. It's excellent. I'm gonna give you my next one little less big picture but still big picture point guard still matter. It's one of the things I learned this season.

5 (47m 21s):
That's a good segue. No moments.

0 (47m 23s):
Orlando, Phoenix, San Antonio You know what's nice is to have a guy who could just bring the ball up, set the offense, throw a good entry pass, tell guys what to do, be kind of a leader, be like, Hey man, I know you missed your last four, but I'm coming to you. I'm gonna slash and kick be ready, I'm gonna get that to you. Just basic stuff that's worked in basketball for the last century, basically. I still care about it. I still think the position matters. And even if you look at Minnesota with Conley who's, feels like he's a hundred years old at this point, he's still important for that team. He's that calming influence. And just like You know, it's like I watch Phoenix and I'm just like, I'd be so nice if they just had any decent point guard for 25 minutes a game to just, to just be like, Hey Devin Booker, I got you.

0 (48m 13s):
Just you, you don't have to worry about dribbling the ball up anymore or being pressured. Like just go over there, stay in the corner, come off two screens, I'm gonna find you hit a couple shots. We don't have enough point guards is really the bigger problem. But this, we had way worse situations. I remember oh four, I used to write about how Jason Kidd should be the automatic QB for both Allstar sides. When they had the Allstar game, he was just, just play point guard for both sides. So we've been in worse spots with this, but I still feel like point guards matter.

5 (48m 43s):
Hot You know what's really hard to work on when you're doing individual drills, entry passes

0 (48m 49s):
And setting up other guys

5 (48m 53s):
The number of players that can throw good entry passes, like to fake the pass one way and then throw it to the guy in a bounce, like to his outside hip away from the defender. It's also just a lack of post play too. Like these guys will get into the post and they're so rarely getting touches down there. They don't know how to shield the defender or keep the arms away or have one arm back and the other arm be the target away. So yeah, sometimes it's not even the lack of entry pass stuff. I'm just psyched that we're not even an hour in and we're digging really deep into one of my favorite things that I'm passionate about, like entry passes. The guy, poor md.

0 (49m 27s):
Well did you see Purdue? Did you see Purdue today? Yeah. Some really sweet ones where they're like throwing it to, well, they better figure it out. Throwing to Edie's left hand so he can spin right away as he gets the pass. Like basic shit that we grew up with. I felt like at the, at my dying end of pickup, I was still great at throwing entry passes. Like that was it. It was my, I was, when I was like Terminator two dying in the fire pit holding my hand up, I could still throw an entry pass. That was it. That's why

5 (49m 53s):
I, I've used to feel so bad for MB because I'm like, this guy's gonna go like the first five years of his career and no one can throw him an entry pass. Like Ben Simmons couldn't

0 (50m 1s):
Do it. Yeah. It's not just like throwing it to the guy. It's like, are you throwing it to him so he can catch the ball and move at the same time? Is are you spinning into the, that's one of the things with Yoic, like Yoic was, had one of the great random games he's had in a couple years today in the, especially in third quarter, he's not just getting a sis. He's throwing every pass he's throwing. It's perfect for where the guy's about to shoot a three. It's an AlleyOOP right next to the rim. He's like basically cutting somebody's food and feeding them with it. And those are his passes. And don don't know. I just miss, I miss great entry passes. Denver. I wanted

5 (50m 37s):
To, I wanted to see that from Denver today by the way. 'cause I know Cleveland on. Yeah, they needed It is still somebody you gotta kind of take seriously. And, they got Mitchell back today, but they've, they've really struggled since the all-star break, like across the board. There's not a lot there to get you really excited about You know. But I thought Denver's offense was so bad against Minnesota. It was a reminder. It's like, man Murray not being there. Like Reggie Jackson's probably the only on ball creator that they have. Yeah. And you could see Yoic isn't comfortable being like, do you guys really want me to take 30 shots tonight? And then he was actually having some bad nights. I thought Denver came out being like, enough of this shit today. Right. I know it's Cleveland, but I Does it really mean anything?

5 (51m 18s):
No, but it's a hell of a lot better seeing that than seeing their offense get as bogged down as it looked. A couple games without Murray, which is just a reminder of how important Murray is. Especially in the rare minutes. He's out there without Yoic.

0 (51m 30s):
It was an MVP game from Yoic. He was like, I don't like, I don't really like the way we've been playing lately. Yeah. So I'm just gonna be completely awesome for two and a half hours. Let's take a break and then we'll keep going with this. Moby was

5 (51m 40s):
Good.

0 (51m 41s):
Mo

5 (51m 42s):
No, he was he was good today. No,

0 (51m 43s):
I I I I've been, I I I was like talking during the no-hitter. I didn't wanna say anything. Oh, okay. He's been hitting, he hit a big three in crunch time the other night. There's been some moments where I'm like, 'cause I, I haven't sold 1 cent of my stock.

5 (51m 57s):
I just don't think he's gonna be nearly the guy ceiling wise that we hope before the job. But You know what, this is actually good 'cause I have a few more of these. Did we, are we still doing these?

0 (52m 6s):
Yeah, we're taking a break. Coming back and doing more. All right. Come back. What's your next one?

5 (52m 17s):
Which direction do I go here? Let's just stay on the Mobley thing because I think the lesson with some of these younger players is you'd rather be wrong, just flat out be wrong than quit on the player. And this Jalen green resurgence

0 (52m 29s):
I had the same one

5 (52m 31s):
Is terrific. I think the Cade stuff from earlier in the year, you're like, wait a minute, what is this guy? And You know what, it's a shitty situation. We've covered the Pistons. At least they're a bad team with players that I kind of like, which is the same way I thought of Houston before they went on this run where I was like, okay, this team isn't any good. But at least there's a couple things you're like, what if this breaks the right way? What, what? Or Jalen Suggs another really good example out of the gate you're like, there's just not enough offense. This is who Gonzaga actually thought they got. They were like, they didn't think he could shoot it that well. And this is actually really who he is and how do you play this undersized guard who can't even shoot and all these different things. We get really excited about the top picks. We want him to be awesome right away. And look, I know everybody's killing our guys Scoot after the minus 58, but I'll say this about a minus 58.

5 (53m 13s):
You can't do it by yourself.

0 (53m 18s):
What's tough is he is also at a minus 57.

5 (53m 21s):
Yeah, no, not great. No, great

0 (53m 26s):
Bob. Well I wrote down the same thing. Celo, I wrote Jalen Green reminds us yet again, it's terrifying to give up on elite raw talent and that's it. And I wrote

5 (53m 36s):
Down his OKC game. It, it wasn't even the numbers of the makes the way he played like decisions every single time.

0 (53m 44s):
It was awesome.

5 (53m 45s):
The right decisions in that Oklahoma City when I was like, I didn't even know that. I was like, I don't even, there was a point where I was like, he's never gonna be like that. He's never gonna figure this out. He's gonna

0 (53m 54s):
Have to learn to play all the guy if you a second two months ago, we wouldn't have believed it was him. Right. You'd have been like, what did, did he get replaced? I wrote down five guys for this. Mobley, Garland, Cade, Ivy and Lalo. And Lalo is the one I would be the fastest to give up on because I don know if the light bulb is gonna click for him. But

5 (54m 18s):
I just wanna see him play at this point. So Yeah,

0 (54m 21s):
Well every year it's something. All right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go, Cleveland has to trade Mitchell this summer and it, it's like in all caps in bold where the teams, it's not perfect. It feels like they've gotten worse in March. They, they were embarrassed today against Denver. I just don't like what I'm watching. They, he had a chance You know there was, I'm sure you saw over the weekend there was a story where he could not, the word non-committal could not be strong enough about, they're asking him about a Cleveland extension. 'cause the owner had said something about, we feel really good about signing Donovan and he wouldn't even be like, yeah, it'd be nice to stay here.

0 (55m 1s):
Like, he was just like, I'm not talking about that. And he's clearly out and they're just gonna have to trade him this summer. And by the way, he'll be the best trade guy in the market. But I think, I think to me, what are we is we're heading into April. There might be a month left of Mitchell on the calves. Like we might get to the end of the month and that'll be it. We'll never see him that uniform again. But I, I just, I just think he's out.

5 (55m 28s):
Alright. Don't you think that's a little quick though? I mean the guy was incredible in February, You know they went on that stretch where it was what? 17 and one and Mobley and Garland only played seven games each outta that stretch. So he's been back what, four games? I mean I know today was ugly, but he missed, would you be

0 (55m 46s):
Afraid, would you be afraid to play them in a playoff series? Because I wouldn't,

5 (55m 49s):
I just dunno who they're

0 (55m 51s):
They dunno who they're, they knew who they were when it was Mitchell and Jared, Allen and Shooters.

5 (55m 59s):
Afraid is a bit like, I like Orlando. I'm not afraid of playing that offense in the fourth quarter.

0 (56m 4s):
Oof. Right. Srid and I talked about that before you came on. I it's, it's too ugly. Why can't Fran shoot anymore? What the fuck happened here?

5 (56m 12s):
I don Dunno what's going on there.

0 (56m 14s):
It's like a 25% three point shooter now anyway, since

5 (56m 17s):
The All Star break, Orlando is the number one defense in the NBA. Okay. They're the number five rebounding team. Team. They're actually 19th on offense, which for them was surprisingly higher than I thought. But Clutch, they're the 30th ranked offense out of, they're a minus 11 in net rating in clutch time.

0 (56m 34s):
It feels like it when you watch it. All right, lemme sit. Lemme put fake FanDuel odds on this. I'll give you even odds. Mitchell is in a Cleveland uniform in October.

5 (56m 45s):
No, I'm

0 (56m 45s):
I'm yes or no.

5 (56m 46s):
I bet. No because you can't lose this asset for nothing. But what if Mitchell said, Hey I'm in. And that meant you had to trade Garland. What would you do?

0 (56m 58s):
Oof. There's some teams that I feel like would go 140 cents in the dollar for Garland.

5 (57m 6s):
So maybe that's the move. What if you go to Mitchell and be like, Hey we used to because look, are you gonna go to the Knicks now? Like everybody thought, well that doesn't even make any sense anymore. And I still wonder what the Knicks are gonna do with the OG price even though like do you feel like they had to already figured that price out the same way the Pacers had to figure out, get some assurances on AKA

0 (57m 25s):
Miami is always lingering with this stuff.

5 (57m 27s):
Yeah. Mitch, I'm not, are you talking about og?

0 (57m 30s):
I'm talking about you're

5 (57m 30s):
Talking about Mitchell. Okay. Alright.

0 (57m 31s):
So I'm just saying like the the, but I'm just thinking about if he's leaving Cleveland, where's he going? Which is a great point. don don't think he goes to the Knicks at this point. 'cause I think they're long game now. Brunson is so good. Their long game now is let's get Mikel Bridges and let's keep filling around the fringes and just keep making this team awesome and wait for, could Giannis be available in two years? Shit like that. I love

5 (57m 54s):
The two score thing. Mitchell and Brunson would probably just be too much

0 (57m 58s):
I don I, it doesn't make sense. Okay, so it doesn't fit with what they're, so to me it's Miami, it's Brooklyn. Same page. If you just wanna be in New York,

5 (58m 5s):
Same page then. Okay. Do you agree with me that Mitchell, because we've just seen, and I like Garland a lot that Mitchell's like peak version of him, especially with some of the playoffs stuff that we have seen that you're like, okay, well if Mitchell's in, we commit to Mitchell long term and then we figure out how to piece that stuff around in a Garland trade. And I'm with you, I think

0 (58m 26s):
But this is, this is our weakness though with Garland because I think we both, both of us like him maybe more than the asset itself. I love Garland. I still feel I wanna see him with his own team at some point. That's the San Antonio move in my mind. That's like the San Antonio overpay where it's like, let's just start with one being Garland. So if, but that, that would involve Mitchell wanted to stay in Cleveland. All right, we went too long. What do you got?

5 (58m 55s):
I'll do, I'll do a quicker one here. The Latvian laser da Burtons. Yeah. Did some shooting drills with his Latvian coach. I heard, I learned about this on the broadcast today where the Latvian coach thought his American shooting drills were too easy. So they had him do this shooting drill with gloves on gardening gloves and he couldn't stop until he made 10 in a row with gloves on. So I just wanted to add that to perhaps the list of What. did we learn

0 (59m 30s):
This

5 (59m 30s):
Season the dumbest fucking training methods ever? Because I just, what an

0 (59m 40s):
Amazing tidbit. Gardener gloves for a three point shooter. Yeah,

5 (59m 44s):
There's all sorts of stuff. And I patch I believe in there they were giving us everything that Charlotte broadcast. You ne I love the Charlotte broadcast. You never know what you're gonna get. They keep the energy high all the time. But he had to make 10 in a row with with with gardening gloves on.

0 (59m 58s):
Steve Lappas said was six minutes to go in the Purdue game that that e Edie and connect on on Tennessee that these were two of the greatest performances in the history of this tournament. Steve Lapis said this was six minutes left. The ga the game. I don't even think both of them had more than 30 points yet. And his, the play Byplay guy was like, well maybe we're getting there. It was like one of those, I think they were thinking about cutting his bike off. There

5 (1h 0m 28s):
Was, there was an NBA broadcast. I'm not gonna say which one where the guy had been in for three and a half minutes and I'll admit he wasn't exactly lighting it up. Yeah, he wasn't super noticeable but he was so unnoticeable to this broadcast that they said he had just checked in. He'd been playing for three and a half minutes. That doesn't happen. Ooh,

0 (1h 0m 48s):
Wasn't ante porter.

5 (1h 0m 51s):
No. Okay. No. don don't know what he'll be checking in. I

0 (1h 0m 54s):
Have, I'll do three quick ones. New syndrome, undefeated. I just think ish BO like it can't be forgotten this this latest like going all in on Bradley Beal who's a nice player but You know you're paying 50 billion a year for somebody who's like 17 a game and gets hurt every few weeks. You can build a real contender around Zion. I think we learned that this season for real. don don't know if he can stay healthy, but this was the first time watching this team where I'm like, yeah, I, I see it. I see it on both ends. 'cause I think his defense has been way better. don don't.

0 (1h 1m 34s):
The rebounding I'll never be happy with. But from a two-way standpoint, Zion and Shape, I feel like that's the foundation of a team that is gonna be a bitch in the playoffs if he can stay in shape. I know that's in your wheelhouse. And then just, we've talked about this before, but Ant with just having the ceiling now as being the best under 30 USA guy is something we learned this season but we don't need to talk about that. What do you have for your next one

5 (1h 1m 59s):
Phoenix? I think I'm off totally that loss on Monday against San Antonio. They were so bad on defense. And, they get Denver for the second time in, I don't know, three weeks and then they play at OKC on Friday. And I was kind of looking forward to that because I'm just like holding out hope being like, are you guys gonna put together some kind of stretch here? And yeah, it felt like there was that one little stretch there in January where they won a bunch of games. But it may have been the schedule or Dallas wasn't fully formed yet. But that OKC game, they're just so frustrating. I don't know why they keep making the mistakes they make.

5 (1h 2m 39s):
They close out to, if there's one versus two on the other side, they close out to the worst three point shooter Bowl. Bowl gets eaten up on a screen he's fucking done. Like he has no interest to getting back into the play. So I think that's why despite like some of the cool plays that end up on Instagram with him, you're just like, all right. And then You know it gets really frustrating 'cause then you'll have Beal get stuck and he turns around and throws it to nobody. Durant will will have a couple plays defensively where he's a little checked out. I mean Booker's usually always my go-to with them. But again, San Antonio, there was a play where he just let like so hands so him went one on three on the right side and not one guy like even shifted over to him. The number of times like Phoenix leads the league in after the other team scores.

5 (1h 3m 21s):
It's two guys underneath the basket looking at each other being like, what the hell happened there? And as great as Greyson Allen has been, it's it's Grayson Allen season for any top perimeter ball handler who's just like, all right, come on out here and You know come get it because I'm gonna go at you the entire time. And when you looked at Phoenix's remaining schedule, it was off the charts harder than everybody else. Denver, Oklahoma City, they split those And, they finished with New Orleans, Cleveland, Minnesota, new Orleans, Clippers, Clippers, Sacramento, Minnesota. I mean don don't know what the final seed is gonna be, but I, I think I always held out Hope Bill that I was gonna talk myself into like a matchup where I go, okay, hey they all played together for a month. It's been better.

0 (1h 3m 58s):
I got there three weeks ago. I I, yeah I, but I was really trying to talk myself into it and it's not there. I'm glad you brought up Grace and Allen because that was one of the things I learned this year. He's not the best three point shooter in the league and don don't even think it's a percentage thing. I think he's inherited.

5 (1h 4m 13s):
No, he's a, he's not a better shooter than Steph. Come on.

0 (1h 4m 15s):
Listen, he's at 47% for three. Well Steph, does that You know what I mean? Like the like in I'm talking about that Wing three point, like Clay was the best guy in the league for a while. Kyle Corver was in there and JJ Reddick You know that like that whatever that you're

5 (1h 4m 31s):
Talking about the non create your own three pointer thing.

0 (1h 4m 34s):
Yeah, I'm talking about that. That guy.

5 (1h 4m 36s):
I remember one time Van PE and I got an argument about Curry and Corver

0 (1h 4m 40s):
Better shooter. Yeah, I see what you mean. I I didn't phrase it.

5 (1h 4m 42s):
I know what a percentage can say but,

0 (1h 4m 44s):
So he's at 47%, he's at a hundred and eighty seven three. So he is gonna be over 200 by the end of the year. Only four guys in the history of the league. 200 threes, 47% for the season. Kyle Corver, JJ Reddick, Joe Harris and Glen Rice in 1997. Steph did two 50 with 40% twice this year, at least when I did this yesterday, maybe it, it flipped for a second. But only nine guys are 43% and up for three point shooting this season for some reason we have more better three point shooters but less like awesome three point shooters and Grace and Allen is just like, I just would not have but he was the throw in for that Bucks trade, right?

0 (1h 5m 31s):
It's like oh And, they got Grace and Allen. It's like oh great, you can't even play him in a playoff series. And now he's basically inherited this Kyle Corver, Reddick Joe Harris, whatever the legacy of that championship belt is. And I did not have him on my bingo card. Racc is my point.

5 (1h 5m 48s):
Well in theory his life should be easier the same way anyone who joins the best version of the Splash Brothers, right? Yeah. The same thing with Luca. Like your job should be easier offensively 'cause we have this other thing that's gonna take all the attention away from you. And you would think other players would figure that kind of stuff out. You had

0 (1h 6m 5s):
That in Milwaukee.

5 (1h 6m 5s):
Yeah and it's, but it's frus. That's my point though. Like it's frustrating as I've been with Phoenix like it should be better but now it's making it sound like I'm not agreeing with you. 'cause I do agree with you and you do give him credit because now this guy's gonna play in the league a really long time. Like he's gonna get a big number at some point where you're like, okay, because he's not just could be right now some of these guys will just sit in the corner and it's like the only shot they have And, they have this absurd percentage and then people talk him up his shooters. Grayson can get moved off of his spot reset and then shoot because he did handle the ball enough in college, right? Like there was more there, there was more athleticism. There was a way You know. It was like one of the things, even with JJ Reddick, like I remember when the light bulb went off for me. I'm like, anybody that's just looking at this guy is alright, you're just gonna sit in the corner.

5 (1h 6m 46s):
We're gonna space you out because free throw rate attempts went way up at Duke. You're like, no this guy's, there's more in his bag. But in the NBA like five guys aren't allowed to do that even if you're good at it. Yeah. But I think the thing that makes him better than just the stick in the corner muscle memory never deviate from this shot. If somebody closes out then You know the guy's gonna get stuck and he can't reset. Grace can do all of those things. So we agree.

0 (1h 7m 12s):
What's your next one?

5 (1h 7m 13s):
If you tank in Toronto? No one cares. Now I'm not anti tanking.

0 (1h 7m 20s):
They've had some great ones.

5 (1h 7m 22s):
There's,

0 (1h 7m 23s):
What are they, one in 14 in their last 15 or there's something like that.

5 (1h 7m 27s):
Yeah. don don't know what FanDuel numbers are every day on those. But like every time you kind of look at it and be like, can, can we not have to give out a a foot? Can we just say bet against the raptors five times this week? But at this point it's too late. Like everybody's caught on. So in March they have played Jamiah Ramsey who actually liked the tech Jevon, Freeman Liberty, huge fan of Independence Day. Kobe Simmons. Well GTE is probably not gonna play too many more games. No relation. DJ Carton and Mohamedou Gay whose brother is also in the league too. I think Toronto is

0 (1h 8m 5s):
Gay brothers. There's

5 (1h 8m 8s):
They're, they're like You know they're making you work when you turn on this guy again. And not that anybody should be giving the Raptors a hard time because there's also their pick is top six protected. They're motivated,

0 (1h 8m 22s):
They need to be in the top.

5 (1h 8m 23s):
They ha they're doing the right thing. But it's just off the radar completely. And tanking in general because of the play in and certainly because of this year's draft class on top of everything else, like nobody's, I just always felt like the people screaming about how bad tanking was, even though I agreed with them philosophically it was like, okay, what do you want these guys to do? Like win games that don't matter down the stretch. So congrats to Toronto. It's just been a little tougher to keep up with every roster move.

0 (1h 8m 51s):
So me and Sal and House and Hench made four bets during the Allstar break as I, we do, we do conglomerate bets sometimes for fun. One of them was Toronto. The over under for them on FanDuel was like 29 and a half for wins at that Allstar break or 28 and a half. It was high twenties. And I was like, we're going fucking under Toronto does Toronto wants to keep their pick under. One of the other ones we did was Detroit who has to get to 14 wins for us and they're at 13 and that's been worth the price of admission because they lose games on Bam 27 footers. And so it hench just goes nuts on all of those. And then we did, we did Dallas and Milwaukee both to win their divisions as a parlay at four to one.

0 (1h 9m 34s):
So those are the three. But it, it's just been fun because Toronto, by the first week of March we're like, ah, lock that one in. It's, it's a wrap. They don't care.

5 (1h 9m 45s):
I definitely think if you're on it you can well You know

0 (1h 9m 49s):
Anytime you try to see, well that's why you move to Vegas. One you're gonna do one year in Vegas where you just lose your mind.

5 (1h 9m 56s):
I had so much fun going and just wait

0 (1h 9m 59s):
You I see, I know that look, 'cause I've seen it and I've had it. You had a twinkle in your eye that one time we made Vegas. You're just like, man, I could just really live here and just bet games

5 (1h 10m 12s):
And, but no ocean thing would be have a

0 (1h 10m 13s):
Good time.

5 (1h 10m 14s):
It would have to be a promotional thing. Yeah, it would have to be something where there's a reason

0 (1h 10m 19s):
We send you to Vegas for a month.

5 (1h 10m 20s):
Yeah. And you go, I'm gonna bet every game on the slate in Vegas. I've even thought about it but the no ocean thing, I'm not a Vegas guy. All right. I already know that. Yeah. But

0 (1h 10m 30s):
I, I also like the ocean

5 (1h 10m 31s):
To be able to just wake up and then look at the board and then I started talking to the guys at the Aria book and I'd, I'd be like, Hey, like what are you like what's going on?

0 (1h 10m 42s):
Yeah.

5 (1h 10m 42s):
You know who's who's, who's doing what. And then I was there enough that I'd get drinks with a couple different guys and then they would just be telling me about the world. And that's I think especially when you have to give out picks and how frustrated you get when you don't get things right. But back to the original point, like I think if you're on it, like people are on it when you look at those totals for the second half after the Allstar break, to your point Toronto having to find a way to protect that pick hey, which regular season team doesn't give a shit punts on the rest of this. Okay, why are they projected to go seven, eight games over 500 when they haven't done that in the first half? So that's something I think I'll put more work into next year when we have to give out those picks.

0 (1h 11m 22s):
I left one other bet we did which was classic was we did the Minnesota over, which was 56 and a half and like a day later towns got hurt or two days later, whatever it was, it was like, like towns got hurt within a week of when we made that bet. Last one from me, and we talked about O KC earlier, but I do wonder is this golden state for the 2020s potentially, 'cause we're 10 years from Golden State in 2014 when there were pieces of what we ended up, all of a sudden in a year they won the title. But in 2014 that was the Mark Jackson dresses in black for game seven. Its Clippers. But we were like Clay and Curry.

0 (1h 12m 3s):
This is potentially special. Like there's something here. We didn't think they gonna win the title a year later. We didn't know they were gonna win four titles over the next eight years. But we knew, we knew something was going on. And I wonder with OKC, like you think like the, what's the 2020s version of Small ball? And it's pretty similar to what the Warriors had where you have the one awesome guard in this case SGA, you have the one great sidekick Jalen Williams who we talked about earlier in the podcast. And then you have to have this one super unique big. So in the mid 2000 tens they had Draymond who, it took us a while to realize like, oh, could Draymond just be their starting center and then all of a sudden happen and I think it's chat for OKC.

0 (1h 12m 48s):
So they have the same foundation. They also have You know Golden State had the Black Swan event of KD in 2016. These guys have all of these picks that they You know they're gonna have to cash in at some point. But I, I guess the recipe is some luck, some skill with who you picked and a really savvy plan. And in this case the luck was the SGA getting SGA in that Paul George trade and getting trading for a guy who ends up being one of the five best guys in the league. It's just really unusual. It does not happen very often on top of all the picks they got. So anyway, I just, I think they're on the same kind of trajectory. Golden State was don don't know if that's gonna mean one title, three titles, four titles, zero titles, but they're hitting a lot of the same checkpoints.

5 (1h 13m 35s):
I wonder if they would package giddy.

0 (1h 13m 38s):
I think you'd have to think about it because he, he kind of, when we talked earlier about teams that how important the point guard position is and somebody who can just take control of the team and run it and throw good entry passes and set guys up. He can do that. He doesn't really get to use those skills in the same way in this OKC team.

5 (1h 14m 0s):
Yeah. Because the last couple weeks have been just a reminder. Yeah. And how big he is too. And on some of those drives. But obviously there'd be some challenges. You wonder if

0 (1h 14m 11s):
You know,

5 (1h 14m 11s):
You know the other team would be leery of it even though it was cleared after the investigation. But You know, I don't I don know what's gonna happen as far as if you were available. I'm, I'm sure 29 teams wouldn't say, Hey, not interested.

0 (1h 14m 26s):
So they're getting calls. Do you have any more or do you wanna take a break? What's, what's your, what's your one you wanted to do and you held off on and decided No, I'm not gonna throw that one out there. I have one, I'll throw it out but I'm only gonna do it if you do it.

5 (1h 14m 42s):
Do You know who leads the league in fourth quarter scoring?

0 (1h 14m 48s):
Is it the Rosen?

5 (1h 14m 49s):
No, it's a really good guess it is LeBron James with 40 today. Thought it was worth mentioning him. Wow. For the 40 piece.

0 (1h 15m 0s):
And that's, I You know, I'm glad you brought him up because he's probably gonna make it all NBA team and he had nine three pointers today and he's You know, still chugging along man. You're 21.

5 (1h 15m 14s):
Yeah, he's won Fox's two Giannis. I mean look, it's a lot of the good guys. You'd expect the ball to be in their hands. Yeah. At the end De Rosen's eighth, he's only an eighth and a point off. So that was a really good guess. I'm trying to find Jalen Williams is actually 14th and I think he's ahead of Yeah, he's ahead of SGA Jesus. So, but if I look at the points, I bet you the differential isn't all that much Jaylin's at seven Points. Yeah. SGA is 6.3. Lowry Marketing, plucky, Utah Jazz

0 (1h 15m 46s):
Talk about tanking. They were like, we gotta get rid of some of these guys that are helping us. Well,

5 (1h 15m 51s):
Glad to see the kings get a win there. 'cause this back to back Dallas losses were frustrating. You could even call the first one a little scheduling, but I think it's just a wake up call of where Dallas is now in the west and the

0 (1h 16m 1s):
Kings are a cross off to me if monk's gonna be out for 46 weeks. Yeah,

5 (1h 16m 5s):
That's it. That's that's terrible news.

0 (1h 16m 6s):
That's the team you wanna point out if if they're in there, I'm gonna mumble my last one under my breath and then we'll go to a break. He culture might not work quite as well when the league is really super loaded. Wow. Just saying it.

5 (1h 16m 25s):
Dangerous territory for these two guys. Dangerous territory, but I I was way more anti them than you were last year. So I should be the one saying it.

0 (1h 16m 35s):
Kind of tough to press that on off button whenever you want when there's like 18 good teams in the week.

5 (1h 16m 41s):
I wonder how they're gonna close these last two weeks.

0 (1h 16m 43s):
I that's the team. Them and them and Cleveland are the two teams. I just have no feel for. I don't understand either team at all. All right, we're taking a break. All right. Coming back. We are almost at the 80 minute mark and we have not talked about the Minnesota sale yet, which was the most fun kind of underground NBA style. I know it's a public story but also like a great getting texts from people and, and just like what everybody is talking about and some of it's out there, some of it isn't. I talked about it a tiny bit on on Thursday's pod. This is, seems like it's headed for court. It's one of the weirdest situations we've had in a while where one where the arod Lori side's like, hey, we had the money.

0 (1h 17m 30s):
I don't, I don't know what's going on. And Taylor's like, they didn't make their deadlines on moving on. They're just minority owners and it's clearly headed for court. I wanna talk about Glen Taylor in a second, but you, we, you and I haven't talked about this, what's your take just from a weirdo NBA storyline standpoint?

5 (1h 17m 48s):
Well you are much better on this. I think you're one of the best when it comes to this ownership stuff. So I don know what kind of circles you run in, so I'm gonna get outta the way here. Thank you. But, but we knew that like there was two points in the timeline that kind of didn't make any sense, right? They were like, wait, are they not gonna be able to make the payment? And there's like, ah, no, they maybe able to make the payment and then there was like Arod doesn't have his side and Lori has to get his so like that was twice with this where we were like, what's going on? And now we're at this point where Taylor's like, yeah whatever deadlines or deadlines and you're out. And is it because he's mad that they didn't stick to their word or however they were vetted financially? Like I don't know how this stuff works when you wanna buy a nice house, usually the bank's gonna wanna figure out if you have any money, right?

5 (1h 18m 31s):
When you're buying an NBA franchise, I imagine there's some version of vetting or is it money that's at such a high level that there's just kind of an understanding if you're in that world, I can't imagine nobody's actually like not worried about what's going on or how flush you are liquid with, with this kind of transaction. But is it because they didn't follow the dates or is it because the team's worth way more now and they're good in comparison to what Taylor had on as the sticker price?

0 (1h 18m 60s):
Yeah, it's like if you're selling your house over the course of three years for half as much as it's worth three years later and the other people allegedly are missing deadlines and don't have that and they're still scrambling to pay and all that stuff, you can understand why he backed out. But I, I mean they, they can say what they want but they, they were trying to find $300 million until the bitter end. They were talking to You know big financial firms. They were talking to people like Eric Schmidt, the Google guy. They needed $300 million. And I think, I'm gonna be interested to see how the league handles it because you have this ownership group buying a team that forget about having the money to run the team once they own it and all that, all of that costs.

0 (1h 19m 50s):
But they don't even have the money it seems like to pay for the team in the first place. So my guess is the NBA's probably okay with this maybe playing out for playing for Taylor's side. It's certainly the weirdest start. I I've never seen somebody try to buy an NBA team on layaway before mean this is like a really successful league. People want these franchises. It's, it's weird that he chose them. It's weird that he picked this strategy of, oh yeah I just pay for it over the time. Like, like he was selling them like a Rolex at a pawn shop or something. I just, I I'm just so confused by it. It's the kind of thing that would happen in like 1983, right?

5 (1h 20m 29s):
Well it happened in 1996 with the Islanders, right? Which is the John Spano story with that one just

0 (1h 20m 35s):
Awesome right? We ended Up to doing a 30 for 30 on that one.

5 (1h 20m 37s):
That guy was, that guy was acting like me in college ducking a landlord except he was buying the islanders and they'd be like, no, I faxed it over. No it's good. Oh shoot, it's Friday. Yeah, check back on Monday. It should be in the account. Just a little lag. I don't Well here here's what I would, I would ask on the financing part, okay, so say you all agree to a terms here and then it's like I actually, we don't have like maybe there's other investments like sometimes when you're going to buy a house And, they have, you send over all your financials and you may have a position with a stock 'cause this happened to me once and then the stock gets wiped out and then you're like, oh shit, You know.

5 (1h 21m 19s):
Like there's nothing funnier than the guy being like, I gotta move some stuff around like, well don don't wanna hear about moving stuff around. I just want to hear about where it's, yeah and look, it was a lesson and it was something that I was able to fix but at the same time like it was just something down the road. It's like, hey, when you're about to make a major transaction, don't put yourself at risk. Like don't have exposure to anything where you could start a Monday opening up a file going holy shit. Like it's, it's as, as I can attest to, it's a terrible feeling when you're in kind of that in between area of like, wait, am I not gonna be able to do this? So anyway with this, why wouldn't there be somebody, why wouldn't there be some kind of bank? Because we know the rules are completely different at this level where there's just some other bank that would be like, okay look you guys fucked up.

5 (1h 22m 5s):
You didn't have the money or whatever happened to lead you to this point. But you're investing in something where the number you got it at is so much lower than what it's actually worth that we'll lend you the money. We're gonna hammer you on the rate. It's not gonna be a great rate. We're gonna make it. Yeah give us You know there's gonna be a little pain in there but we're all gonna get this done. It's because what everybody wants to happen. Like how, how is that not happening? That's the part that I don't understand.

0 (1h 22m 29s):
It's a great question. So let's say they need, I think the number was 300 million. Feel pretty confident that's what they were looking for. So that's 20% of the what the original purchase price was. Maybe there was some bumps in that. So your question is why wouldn't you invest $300 million when the team was worth 1.5 when now it's probably worth three. That seems like a good deal. You're doubling your money right away. The answer is I think there's some hesitation and confusion about how solid this ownership group is. Money as it seems to take over the team in the first place.

0 (1h 23m 10s):
You're investing in this ownership group that then doesn't have the liquid assets year to year that you feel great about going forward. So I'm investing in something where I'm not sure You know the person can pay for stuff stuff and that's why just think about it. These guys can like those big financial firms, they can spend 300 million on whatever they want, right? So if they're gonna do this, it's like hey, short term we'll double our money but what are we getting into? And the fact that they couldn't get that money from somebody allegedly is I think alarming.

5 (1h 23m 51s):
That's probably the answer then. Yeah, the fact that nobody has done that, that there isn't a bank going,

0 (1h 23m 57s):
I'm pretty sure that's the answer. Can we go through Glen Taylor and his greatest moments?

5 (1h 24m 3s):
Go for it.

0 (1h 24m 6s):
So remember my basketball pyramid that I did, which actually started with baseball in, in the early two thousands when I wrote the column, my buddy Gus's dad had this idea for a hall of fame, period pyramid. I wrote it out for baseball and then I ended up doing for my basketball book, what if the hall of fame was actually a pyramid? 96 members, five levels, lowest level, level five or level one. Next level, level two the players get a little better. Level three. And then the last level is the pantheon. And I was thinking we don't have enough owners for owner hall of fame pyramid but we could make a little mini pyramid of the worst owners of the last 30 years, right?

0 (1h 24m 46s):
Do a little mini pyramid of 10 people. Donald Sterling's the worst, right? I think he's the MJ of the conversation doing our worst owner mini pyramid. Sterling has to be first.

5 (1h 24m 59s):
It'd be tough to beat that.

0 (1h 25m 1s):
Then you go down to the second level and I think it's Robert Sarver and George Shin, two guys who basically had to lose their team, Sarver had to sell his team and also really cheaped out during the Steve Nash era. No Phoenix fan is like, man, I loved having Robert Sarver as my owner. I think he has to be second. And George Shin owned that Charlotte team and he had like two different sex scandal things happen and basically had to move the team outta Charlotte. Like they, Charlotte like was like you gotta get the fuck outta here. And remember Charlotte and moved the kid to New Orleans. Charlotte

5 (1h 25m 36s):
Got like football crowds for basketball.

0 (1h 25m 39s):
Yeah, And. they and the city of Charlotte was like, you gotta go dude. You gotta leave up.

5 (1h 25m 44s):
If you go back and look at old attendance, and I'm exaggerating a bit here, but when you look at old attendance numbers from those days, You know, like they

0 (1h 25m 50s):
Packed the LG morning era, they

5 (1h 25m 52s):
Packed them in there because it was just a bigger capacity than everybody else. And that fan base loved them. So like you're talking about a fan base,

0 (1h 25m 60s):
And, they

5 (1h 26m 0s):
Moved turning that was that into it? It wasn't like it was, it was someplace that didn't care.

0 (1h 26m 5s):
He'd be like if OKC was like, you guys gotta leave, the team has to go, we have to leave our city. And then he goes to New Orleans and it ends up he sells the team And. they didn't have an owner, right? It ends up by the end of the two by 2010 Stern has to take over the team 'cause they can't find anybody. I sell it back to the week. So I have him, I have Sarver and Shannon on level, basically level two for the mini pyramid. Level three is three names. Glen Taylor and I'll make the case for him in a second. Michael Jordan who owned Charlotte and nothing good happened the entire time he was there. Like literally nothing. And then Howard Schultz who owned the Seattle Supersonics and sold them to an ownership group that he knew was gonna move them to Oklahoma City.

0 (1h 26m 52s):
And I think he has to be in the top six because he's actually director responsibility team leaving. And then the last level, I had pro off Ted Leonsis, Tom Gores and James Dolan as my level four, that is my mini pyramid for worst. NBA owners, Proov Underrated, came in, spent a lot of money and he is like, actually You know what, this was a huge mistake. I went out, cut all the costs and it just leaves up with no picks. He's like, I'm outta here guys, I'll see you later. It's like, wait, we have no Pix left. I

5 (1h 27m 22s):
Remember teams being worried and I don't even know if it's like real or not, but it was just because it was a proov. They were like, who goes with that guy's gonna be able to pull in free agency? Like what do you mean? They'd be like, well You know this country's yours. Like where is this? That's it's yours.

0 (1h 27m 42s):
Remember Lanko signed for less money And people were like, oh what do he have over a leonis? Hey any,

5 (1h 27m 47s):
Was there any consideration by the committee for, for Robert L. Johnson who named the Bobcats after himself?

0 (1h 27m 55s):
He made, so my honorable mention was Chris Cohen, the Warriors guy who sold to Lake up, Jerry Reinsdorf who's in the third biggest market in the league and does a paid luxury tax. David Stern is the New Orleans owner. Your guy Bobcat, Bob Johnson. Karen Davidson owned the Pistons for a couple years. It was was brutal to the point that they were excited I think, I think Gore is after him. And then Paul Gaston.

5 (1h 28m 22s):
Paul

0 (1h 28m 22s):
Gaston. Don't forget about Paul Gas.

5 (1h 28m 24s):
I Ive never heard

0 (1h 28m 24s):
Underrated, horrible owner for the S Paul

5 (1h 28m 26s):
Gaston.

0 (1h 28m 28s):
So yeah, I'm sure there was more. But yeah, so I got Sterling top level, Sarver, shin Taylor, Jordan Schultz, Proov, Leon's Gore, James Dolan. That is my mini pyramid for the worst owners of the last 30 years. So Taylor ranks fourth.

5 (1h 28m 45s):
Did you have the C Cleveland owner in there?

0 (1h 28m 47s):
Which one? Well it's last 30 years so I couldn't put stop in there. Yeah. S worst of all time. It's him Sterling in the finals. Can I give you some Glen Taylor data?

5 (1h 28m 58s):
I know you want to and I don't want to go anywhere. I'm, I'm here an audience of one. They

0 (1h 29m 2s):
Bought the team in the mid nineties heading into the 95 season. These stats are unbelievable. I actually, I was kind of stunned doing the research. They'd have 11 playoff appearances since he bought the team in 1995 before the internet. He bought the team ten first round exits out of the 11 playoff appearances.

5 (1h 29m 25s):
So only that Western conference finals with Garnet,

0 (1h 29m 27s):
The oh four, that was his one run. He has 21 playoff victories in 30 years. He's averaging 0.66 playoff victories per year for the three decades. He has zero playoff series wins since 2014. The team did not win a single playoff game from 2005 to 2018. And then just some of the highlights when he was there, he hired David Khan as his gm who's just in all time, all time worst GM we've ever had.

5 (1h 29m 58s):
Did that. Just a real quick, did that give you a window of hope that one day you would run a team? Yes,

0 (1h 30m 4s):
It

5 (1h 30m 5s):
Absolutely did. Think I noticed that we weren't

0 (1h 30m 6s):
Close then. There was two years where I was like, yeah, this could happen.

5 (1h 30m 8s):
There was, I just felt like there was very aggressive campaigning. Well if he can do it, like I felt like all of your columns that had a hint at like, I'm ready.

0 (1h 30m 17s):
Yeah, I'm, I'm kidding. But I'm also right here. He did the illegal Joe Smith contract and lost four first rounders made history there. 2009 draft. He oversaw a draft where they took Ricky Rubio and Johnny Fluen over Steph Curry. He hired Kevin Mcha as his coach, his or his gm, his GM coach and his coach. He hired Kurt Rambus as his head coach. Remember how bad Kurt Rambus was as a head coach? Like legendarily bad, like people were doing radio segments. We've never seen a worse head coach than this. Remember? Is Phil Jackson the tree of Phil?

5 (1h 30m 52s):
I just felt like people didn't understand him. Go ahead.

0 (1h 30m 57s):
Remember the Kevin Love when everybody was getting five year maxes like Westbrook out of that oh eight class and he wanted a five year Max And. they were like Nope. And then they were like, here's what we'll do instead. Three years and you have an Optout after year three as a sign of faith on both sides. And he is like cool. And then within two years he's like, get me outta here. That was absolutely an addict. They didn't resign Chauncey Billups that year when he was awesome for them. They could have taken Brandon Roy and instead they, they traded one spot for Randy Foy and Cash. They took Chris Stone over Jabal Murray, they hired Flip Saunders to run everything. They had Coach GM Tom Thibodaux where he was the coach but also made all the decisions.

0 (1h 31m 43s):
They did the Arod Lori Fiasco. They traded Jimmy Butler for, what was it? Sarge Covington and a pack of meatballs.

5 (1h 31m 53s):
No, there was a pick in there.

0 (1h 31m 54s):
What was that

5 (1h 31m 54s):
Trade? There was another pick in there.

0 (1h 31m 55s):
Jared Bayless in like a second rounder. I don't even know if they got a pick from 2006. 2011. They drafted 6, 7, 3, 5, 4 and two. Still didn't make the playoffs. They traded Sam Cassel and a first for Marco Ya. They were like no, no we'll throw in a first two. We gotta get Marco Ya. They traded Ray Allen with the 1998 first for Stefan Marberry And. they took Shabazz Mohammad over Giannis Kupo. Those are just some of the highlights of the Glen Taylor era. S solo.

5 (1h 32m 25s):
Yeah, I was only a second rounder. Justin Patton, he was in that

0 (1h 32m 30s):
Deal. I forgot Justin Patton was in that train. Yeah, so Glen Taylor underrated. Horrific. So if I'm a Timberwolves fan, I was looking forward to kind of getting away from Glen Taylor but now he is like You know what? We're actually good now. I I might stick around.

5 (1h 32m 45s):
No. Can you imagine? The problem was, the problem was they traded the fact that they traded for him to Chicago And. they traded Zach Levi then a year, a year later. So it's done Levine and marketing was what we needed to remember. And then for

0 (1h 33m 2s):
Butler,

5 (1h 33m 3s):
Not what you're talking

0 (1h 33m 6s):
A year and a half later,

5 (1h 33m 7s):
15 months later it's Bayless Covington's. Yeah, char and Mateo Spagnolo

0 (1h 33m 17s):
Glen Taylor. I have him number four. Worst owner for the last 30 years.

5 (1h 33m 21s):
Good dresser.

0 (1h 33m 24s):
Anything to add? Any last Minnesota thoughts?

5 (1h 33m 29s):
I actually feel better about them post Cat because of how everybody else has stepped up. I think Tom needs me better. I know McDaniels You know was was kind of the target today, but he's been better You know Rudy's always gonna be solid. I'm never gonna love when he has a ton of touch touches offensively. But, and You know, look man, I I I thought it was gonna get, even though You know, You know how I feel about Kat, I thought it was just gonna be a problem for them because it was gonna be able just easier to load up on Ant. And I think the best part about this stretch is that Ant now has, as much as I love him, like I have to be honest and be like, do you think this guy's so good he can just kind of carry them to four playoff wins in the first round?

5 (1h 34m 13s):
Can he do enough offensively? 'cause I just didn't like enough of the offense around them and I think it's still gonna be his task and I think I'm there with him. I do like the fact that they're still right into this with two weeks. I know I had said a week and a half earlier, but two weeks to go I, I feel better and I know they lost today, but You know whatever.

0 (1h 34m 32s):
Listen man, you win 56, 57 games in a year where you lose towns basically with a third of the season to go. Pretty impressive.

5 (1h 34m 41s):
And Finch is awesome. You know everybody was up in arms about him getting a gig. And, they didn't know anything about him. And even though You know, we've talked about the Rudy trade far too often with Tim Conley and Matt Lloyd running this, like you've got two guys that are really good at this now the Alexander Walker part of that trade, like that guy plays real minutes. He hits big shots, he plays defense. Yeah. Ant when he's up for it defensively to close a game, he's right there with You. know I wouldn't put anybody at Herb Jones class, but like Ant gets really named Monty Morris the other night was chasing somebody around like crazy. And I was like, man, this team has decided that with their adversity they're gonna keep fighting and and take the fight to everybody else.

5 (1h 35m 26s):
So I, yeah, I think it was the Denver game because Denver was, was kind of a mess that night anyway and Minnesota had a lot to do with it. So that's all I have on it.

0 (1h 35m 35s):
I had Herb Jones, we were doing that ringer hundred and he was one of my toughest guys to figure out where to put him.

5 (1h 35m 41s):
Where'd

0 (1h 35m 42s):
You put him? I feel like he's genuinely gotten better month by month this season. Especially offensively. He's really confident with the ball now, which I was not like I always just thought he was gonna be a stand in the corner guy but now You know 'cause they lost some guys and he had to play a little bit of point and little bit of a a ball handling role and I just think he's really kind of blossomed. I had him, I had him 55 is my list, which in this league is really good because I think there's a little bit of a drop off when you get around 60. We kind of move into like the Brook Lopez level of like awesome role players but it's a different level of player. But I had on way up there, I asked you before we go, I asked you, by the

5 (1h 36m 23s):
Way, Zion Z offense the other night in Milwaukee. It was at home against Milwaukee. Yeah. He had two blitzes on Lillard where I was like, you'd be, and then his drive past Giannis, it wasn't that he got fouled didn't make the le, it's that he wanted to drive on Giannis in a huge possession. And that's the kind of stuff with Zion, it's not gonna be a numbers thing. It's not gonna be hey, it's like we already know. He can give us insane stats if he wants to. But there are moments of competitiveness and fight in him now and effort on defense that we're seeing with him that really makes me like what New Orleans could be, even though they're still tinkering a bit. Whether it's the Ance Jr. Stuff that they're doing with different lineups. They had to play more Val units against Brooke Lopez.

5 (1h 37m 5s):
They even brought Matt Ryan into that game at one point, which is a little surprising. Dyson Daniels had been back recently. Ingram's still gone, but they're gone. They're still tinkering with it. But You know that's just another group that I like.

0 (1h 37m 17s):
We agree so I mentioned The Ringer top hundred. Earlier I asked you to make a top 20 just 'cause I was curious where, when Bama was on the list. I'm gonna read you the list I'm made that I'm gonna send in and you tell me if this is crazy. So I had Yoic, Giannis, Luca Shay, Jason Tatum, Kevin Durant, Kauai Curry, EMBI Edwards, Davis Brunson, LeBron Booker, WEMA 15.

0 (1h 38m 6s):
Is that crazy?

5 (1h 38m 9s):
No, I don't think it's, I think he's in the 15 to 20 range.

0 (1h 38m 12s):
Okay. So that, that puts him ahead of Mitchell, Williamson, Butler, Murray, Halliburton, Fox, AABA, Jalen Brown, George, JW Saboni, et cetera. But I think from what we're watching now, what he's doing night to night, I think he has to be in the top 15 to 20. I don't, I don't think there's any way around it to

5 (1h 38m 35s):
Have him ahead, a couple of those names to have him head of Murray You know, be like never be in the playoffs. And we know him. Murray's capable of after

0 (1h 38m 41s):
Last year. Yeah. I don't feel great about it. Yeah. Yeah.

5 (1h 38m 44s):
I mean even

0 (1h 38m 44s):
Player. That's right. The, the toughest guys for lists like this for me were Butler and Jamal Murray and Bam too, to a lesser extent because I know Bam Fab Bam in a playoff series the list looks different, but this is just best players right now.

5 (1h 38m 60s):
Bam leads a league most minutes per game in fourth quarters in case, in case anybody gets stuck with that one at a Buffalo Wild Wings.

0 (1h 39m 11s):
I watched a lot of basketball this week. I actually flew back east and was watching the women's and the Men's and Celtics Peans. And I gotta say I really, I really enjoyed the women's tournament and this weekend I think is becoming, is moving up the ladder for me from a sports weekend standpoint with the women's games on that Saturday. But also with all the final eight games heading into the final four. I just thought it was, I thought the basketball was really, really fun to watch the, the LSU game against UCLA was excellent and I thought that Juju don don't know how much Juju Watkins you've been watching, but she's basically, I feel like she's the next Tara Rossi.

0 (1h 39m 54s):
But she had one of those games where she just couldn't make a shot in the second half for like 40 minutes. Like nothing was going in. And you could see her trying to figure out in real time, my team doesn't have anybody else, what do I do? And so they put her at the foul line and she went to the hoop a couple times. She just started getting to the line and doing free throws like old school, really smart superstar style. Ended up shot like 13, 14, they eked out the game. But it was really interesting watching her have that moment. She's 19, she's my daughter's age. She was in the same class in LA as my, as my kid. You forget how young these kids are. But to watch them in real time try to solve these bigger than life situations was pretty cool.

0 (1h 40m 36s):
These games tomorrow night I was playing LSU. That game's gonna be awesome. Like I, like I don't ever remember looking forward to a non Final four women's game before and I don Dunno, I just, I, I think the hoops has been really good. I really like the Purdue Tennessee game today. The, the Yukon Center last night was unbelievable and it's like, could we get Yukon and Purdue like two giant centers actually. Could that be like a thing that happens in a, in a Final four game where, or in a title game where we're, it's just like these two behemoth old school style. I just think I've really enjoyed March Madness is my point. I know you've been watching a bunch too.

5 (1h 41m 15s):
Yeah, I couldn't believe that Yukon game because You know that Klingons gonna be a priority based on the two options that Illinois had at center and Yukon's not playing great offensively it's a 2323 game and then through the end of the first half and the start of the second half, Yukon goes on a 30 to nothing run against team. It's impossible. The team that was ranked 10th in the country.

0 (1h 41m 42s):
Yeah.

5 (1h 41m 42s):
30 to nothing And. they counted it up that it was 50 minutes of real time. Wow. In between Illinois scoring. So Yukon can throw a million things at you and Stefan Castle who's their other lottery projected guy, he didn't even score. Right. Like he actually had points, but I mean he didn't get his first bucket until the thing had long been done. And yeah, I'm sure all of us are wondering what the cling Andie thing would be because it's actually somebody body-wise who can at least get in the way of Ed a little bit. But then you wonder if Yukon's like no, let's go with our athletes and instead we're gonna try to counter this and make Ed have to come out. Which is You know.

5 (1h 42m 22s):
Easier said than done because you're gonna be giving up something on the other side of it. Yeah. So, but at least Yukon has these differences. I thought the Alabama Clemson game was one of the best games I've watched in the tournament. 'cause like you're watching going You know Clemson is somebody who doesn't lock in all season long. You're like, that guy's good, that guy's good, that guy's good, that guy's good. But Alabama had a little bit more size. Clemett kept missing their free throws. The guard for Alabama You know, missed everything to start it and then couldn't miss the rest of the way. So it's, it's been a lot of fun. And then you throw in an NC state like that to go on the run through the a c and then take care of Duke. Which was perfect because like it sucked for Duke that it was NC State.

5 (1h 43m 5s):
Yeah. Because somebody else, it's like, okay this is Duke and it's not a great Duke team by Duke standards. And you're like wow, this team's gonna end up in the final four. When you You know paying attention to it through a little bit of the season, you're like, yeah, they're not really Duke again or the way you'd expect them to be. And it's just brutal for Duke. 'cause you're like, oh great, we're playing a team from our conference that already beat us. That doesn't care. Like there's nothing, there's no the, you're not gonna be in awe of us at all because we've already played.

0 (1h 43m 30s):
I wish you had told me that before. I was, when I was deciding whether to hedge my Duke to make the final four or five to one bet, which I didn't hedge.

5 (1h 43m 38s):
Yeah. But don don't know. I mean I don't, I don't know. Like I actually ended up in Boston during the games. I was back in New York. I went to the UVM stuff, I went to all those games on the first round on that Friday. And then I flew back to Martha's Vineyard. I think I was in the East Coast for 10 days. It rained for nine. Hmm. And then we were trying to balance a few different things. I was trying to see if I could go see Shane Gillis, but I was already so behind on the NBA stuff that the last two days I've been here it's been all NBA. However we did make a detour myself and my buddy midnight Jerry to Biddy Earlys. Have you ever been to Biddy Earlys in Boston?

5 (1h 44m 21s):
So it's probably one of the better dive bars I've ever been to. We played darts, we cleaned house. Hmm. Yep. And it was just every single character you can imagine, young old, fun, not fun, just a good old melting pot of a Boston dive dive bar people. And and like one guy came up and said hello. And I was like cool, awesome. Great to meet you. Throw a Coors Light on our tab buddy. Thanks for listening. I was like man you really are nice. I'm like, yeah, so nice. And then another guy comes over and he's like, I don't know who you are and I don't care.

5 (1h 45m 2s):
And I was like, great, you

0 (1h 45m 4s):
Think you're better than me.

5 (1h 45m 5s):
Right. Right. And then he came over a second time to remind me that he didn't know who I was and that I really don't care who you are. Yeah. And I was like, that's fucking awesome man. You win, you win the award. Right. You win the Don't Care award and then Jerry goes to him, it's funny though, you've come Up to him twice and we've come Up to you zero times. Right. And then it was like it stung him a bit and You know that was, that was sort of it. I don know if he was telling his buddies that story the next day. Like so I went Up to this guy and I really gave him the what for and then his buddy came over the top like fucking third man in the ring and made me feel like a dick.

5 (1h 45m 49s):
But it was good night otherwise

0 (1h 45m 51s):
That sounds fun. Yeah, it's too bad. Like they had this one final eight game and there was a 30 to nothing run in the game and it wasn't wasn't, it was kind of weird to watch. It was fun from a dominant standpoint but not a fun sporting event. You know.

5 (1h 46m 7s):
No. And the second game was so late in Boston that I was like, I don't even know if that's happening. And You know I watched opening day. I mean it was funny 'cause you said how like the NBA Thursday they played two games Sunday, they staggered all these to get away from the elite eight stuff. It's like yeah, baseball was like what tournament? Right? Like we don't, we don't care. And then

0 (1h 46m 31s):
Yeah, they're going head dead against everything.

5 (1h 46m 33s):
I got to watch the game 'cause we were on, we went out and grabbed something to eat and then I was like, I just wanna be able to You know watch the Red Sox. It's opening day. Granted I hate when it's on the West Coast back when you're east. So I was like, all right, 10 0 5 first pitch. But I'm just thrilled that Tyler O'Neill's off to a hot start. Two home runs. Do You know that his dad apparently was Mr. Canada in 1975?

0 (1h 46m 55s):
What does Mr. Canada mean? Mr. Canada Jacked Jack. Oh like bodybuilder. Yeah. Really. I've landed on Drake May for the pats at number three. That's my, that's my final decision. That's who I want.

5 (1h 47m 10s):
You had a good tweet the other day. I don't love having teams do what you're suggesting, but they need to turn the vibes around And. they just need to draft a quarterback is essentially your point. Right?

0 (1h 47m 22s):
It's been a a, a catastrophe of a winter for Bob Craft. The documentary was an all time backfire. He could have just disappeared for five months and it would've been a better decision then the press conference, him pretending he didn't know about the You, know the facilities and the shit like that. And it's just like, oh man, you're just digging a hole buddy. It's almost like he's 82 years old. They need to just take somebody that the fans can be excited about and move forward. Just move forward with somebody that they can put on a poster And if they take Drake may, he shouldn't even play next year. Right. Just sit him for a year. Do the Mahomes Alex Smith move with Bri and just, just let him, let it ease into it.

0 (1h 48m 5s):
They're on the left tackle that. I'm a good receiver. But they should take Drake make. And by the way, when they say like trade back for three first round picks, it's two first round picks because you're in the three spot. If you trade with Minnesota for 11, that's you're giving up your first round pick. So you're basically trading to move back eight spots for the 23rd pick and next year's pick. Why would you do that?

5 (1h 48m 29s):
I like that you did that. 'cause no one ever does it that way. No one ever does that. It just sounds, it sounds so much better to say gave

0 (1h 48m 33s):
Up all these, oh they got three first round picks for number three. It's like, yeah but they gave up a first round pick. They got two first round picks.

5 (1h 48m 39s):
Exactly. Ah, I don't like when teams are like, hey, like if they don't like Drake may, they can't take him for vibes. But I get your point.

0 (1h 48m 50s):
Why would they not like Drake may like whether you're in, whether you're out, whether you don't like the fact that he was better two years ago than he was last year. Whether you think he is like is you're worried about his accuracy, whatever it is, there's enough there that it's all the same shit with Josh Allen in 2018. Like to a t where it's like, this guy's a fucking specimen. This guy's a great guy, he's a leader. Everyone who says in North Carolina, like culture setter and the stuff sounds

5 (1h 49m 17s):
Like Terry O'Neill, Mr. Canada in 1975.

0 (1h 49m 21s):
The stuff that is fixable with him is fixable. It's, it's not like Jaden Daniels like he showed up at Pro Dave was two 10. That to me that means he's 2 0 3. That's like the You know the reverse of like the U Ffc fighter cutting weight and then put it on the weight after Jaden Daniels probably had like three dinners the night before to get to two 10. He's gonna be 2 0 3, 2 0 4. Like I, I know that guy's talented but I'm terrified of that guy. I think he's too skinny. I'm just worried about it. I don't, I don't think when you're that skinny or you're that too skinny, too short. That just scares me with quarterbacks just went through it with Bryce Young said no, no he's short but it's fine.

0 (1h 50m 2s):
It's like, eh, he's actually too short. So yeah,

5 (1h 50m 6s):
That, that definitely happened with the too short thing. Like everybody was just like, no, no, it's been working. It's like, was it, is it

0 (1h 50m 12s):
Really Jake May is 6 4 2 29 right now, which means what? He will be 2 45.

5 (1h 50m 18s):
Well I don't, he doesn't have to be. It's, it's really depends on how big he wants. Get your

0 (1h 50m 22s):
Body ch you add muscle and that he'll end up being 2 45

5 (1h 50m 27s):
Weight if he wants to lose weight. I'm sure he could, but he also You know there's diminishing return at some point on how much weight you wanna add. But yes, your general point is you're right. Like even as big as you are in your early twenties, you're likely gonna fill out and be that that man somebody don don't know. But then there's other people walking around and be like, oh, I've had a 28 inch waist since I was 14. It's like, alright,

0 (1h 50m 47s):
That's gonna be my son.

5 (1h 50m 49s):
I have a question for you. Yeah. Have you watched the Steve Martin documentary yet?

0 (1h 50m 54s):
No. It's on my list.

5 (1h 50m 56s):
It's fucking awesome.

0 (1h 50m 58s):
Morgan Neville

5 (1h 51m 1s):
A 24 man. They're unbelievable. You

0 (1h 51m 5s):
Loved it. It's two parts.

5 (1h 51m 8s):
I loved it. I might even watch it again.

0 (1h 51m 11s):
Wow. Just over wrote, it's a documentary movie watch. Wow.

5 (1h 51m 15s):
Can we do it as a re watchable?

0 (1h 51m 18s):
We could. I gotta, I mean it's, it's certainly eligible.

5 (1h 51m 21s):
It's so good. I mean, outta the park for a documentary on a guy. Wow. And the fact that it's two parts that you're, when it's over you're like, please don't be over and You know it isn't over because You know it's in two parts and you're just so happy. And it's, and the thing is, it's not like one of those salacious, it's not the dirt motley crew You know because Steve Martin wasn't that kind of guy. He's the opposite. But they just, they hit it outta the park. Can't recommend it enough.

0 (1h 51m 55s):
Have you ever seen the movie Shock Collar?

5 (1h 51m 58s):
I love Shot Collar.

0 (1h 51m 60s):
That's the re re watchable for tomorrow. Oh good. Me and CR did that for Rock Bottom Month. We did Shot Collar. I should have asked you. I should have figured you'd like that movie.

5 (1h 52m 9s):
I bought

0 (1h 52m 9s):
It. It's great. It's it's great.

5 (1h 52m 12s):
It's fucking awesome. It's awesome. Like it's, it's one of those scripts you're like, what if a guy did this? And you're like, how's it end? Does it suck? Does the end suck? And with this one you're like totally believable. Find yourself rooting. Okay, how's he gonna get out of this? Incredible, like, I'm not trying to give the movie away, but it every turn that it takes you're like, all right, have you gone to, it's like severance. Like I'm really worried about how they're gonna land a plane.

0 (1h 52m 38s):
Oh man. I shoulda had you, I shoulda asked you. I just gonna ask you. When we have movies like that, anytime

5 (1h 52m 43s):
Somebody's in prison, in a

0 (1h 52m 44s):
Movie movie, you gimme a call. We did, we did the Prison Pyramid for actually, because CR is like Tango and Cash. I went through all my, it's, it's a good pod. I went through all my check marks, what I need, what I need from a prison movie. Yeah, it's good. All right, next one. Next time we do a prison one, you're, you're in Celo. You got two podcasts this week and then when we come back next week, there's gonna be a week to go. We'll have some award stuff. There's some all NBA stuff that's brewing. There's still some good arguments. Coach of the years in Place Six Band, there's some first team all NBA spot, second team, all NBA Guard and, and we'll also have a better idea of who's gonna be in the playoffs and who's playing too.

0 (1h 53m 28s):
Illa, good to see you as always. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Brian Racc. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing as well. Don't forget to check out one Shining podcast. If you want all your March Madness stuff getting ready for the final four, don't forget to check out youtube.com/ Bill Simmons, don't forget about the re watchable. Come on Monday night and did Shot Caller and I will see you on this feed On Tuesday.

FanDuel (1h 54m 19s):
Must be 21 plus in President Select states. FanDuel is offering online sports wagering in Kansas under an agreement with Kansas Star Casino LLC Gambling Prom called win hundred GAMBLER. Visit FanDuel dot com slash RG in Colorado, Iowa, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and Vermont. Call 100 next step or text next step to 5 3, 3, 4, 2 in Arizona. 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut 809 with in Indiana 805 2 2 4 7 or visit ks gambling help.com in Kansas. 8 7 7 7 7 0 Stop in Louisiana MD gambling help.org in Maryland, eight GAMBLER DO net in West Virginia 805 2 2 4 700 in Wyoming. Hope is here. If it's a gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support of Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.