0 (1s):
Coming up a special two part podcast to get ready for the NBA playoffs. Next.

1 (7s):
Here's Dave. That's me. His living room has a shrine dedicated to LeBron complete with a life-sized cutout. Morning LeBron. He hasn't washed his Lakers jersey ever since Shaq touched it. Ah, can you smell that? Free throws. And he knows exactly how many titles the Lakers have won. 17. It's 17. Oh, impressive.

Sportsbet (23s):
And so sports bets NBA. Same game multi. Combine all your favorite NBA markets in one bet for bigger odds with sports bet conditions apply. Chances are you're about to lose. For free and confidential support, visit gambling help online.org au.

The Ringer Podcast Network (37s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did Magnolia as part of rock bottom month. Top three weirdest movie I think we've ever done. Maybe even top one, but rock bottom month almost over. And then we'll start doing some bangers but could not resist doing rock bottom month.

0 (55s):
Coming up on this pod. We're going two parts 'cause I missed Tuesday. Lots to discuss. We're gonna have Rob Mahoney on to talk about all the round one matchups, everything we saw this week in the National Basketball Association and Logan Murdoch. We're gonna pour some, pour some out for the Golden and State Warriors because it really feels like this might be it. So that is part one of the podcast. Part two. We're gonna talk to Chris Ryan and Sean Fantasy about the Sixers Nick series, as well as Kevin Wildes doing some LeBron stuff, some Belichick versus craft, some half-baked ideas. So lots going on tonight. Can't wait. First our friends from Pearl Jam.

0 (1m 55s):
All right, we're taping this. It is two 30 Pacific time on Thursday. There's no basketball tonight and that will be the last time we say that for a long, long time. Rob Mahoney is here from The, Ringer NBA show. Rob the biggest things that already happened this week. The Celtics have somehow found a way to avoid two of Philly Milwaukee in the Knicks. Dad, congratulations. Oklahoma City who was like, man, we're just gonna get screwed here with this. We we, whatever. We just might as well go for the one seed. 'cause no matter how it plays out, we're gonna be playing somebody tough. They avoid the Lakers, they avoided Golden State State and they've avoided Zion Williamson and they've avoided Malik Monk on the Kings and all of a sudden the one eight in the west looks kind of appetizing.

0 (2m 46s):
And then the other thing that happened, Denver now has to go from round running around three Lakers, Lakers, Phoenix or Minnesota, then Dallas or A OKC or the Clippers. And suddenly their road is looking brutal and that spurs stupid Spurs. Friday night loss they had now becomes the Black Swan event. It felt like, what's the biggest thing out those three Celtics, OKC, Denver, what was the most meaningful thing out of those three things to you?

4 (3m 15s):
Probably OKC to be honest with you, I think there was a chance that the Lakers were at least gonna give them the fight of their lives. They were gonna have to overcome the stylistic differences, the size, all the challenges that a LeBron team with that kind of size imposes on you. And that would've been fun to see them try, but I'm sure they're at least a little bit relieved to not even have to do that.

0 (3m 34s):
Yeah, I felt the same way. I thought they were gonna lose the Lakers.

4 (3m 38s):
See I don Dunno that I would go that far. I I think I, I really trust in how consistent they've been and how heady they've been. Even for a young team. I think they could have won that series, but you don't wanna put yourself in that kind of risky position to begin with it if you can. If you can afford to do it. And especially as the member one seed, that's not the kind of challenge you want outta the gate. But both eight seeds in both conferences at this point are looking like they're gonna be pretty dinged up. Lim really limping into the bracket.

0 (4m 4s):
I I almost regret feeling that way because I, I had so much at stake with that OKC team. I was saying 50 wins before the season. I was, I was like the most all in of anyone. But I do think there's a huge difference between regular season and playoffs and You know it goes without saying, but especially young team that was really healthy during this season, which I think is a big reason. They're able to get the one seed and then that jump from regular season in playoffs where now teams can just, you're playing somebody that's just playing you for two straight weeks. And, they like, oh, OKC likes to do this. They like do this. Oh, they don't only have a backup center. Oh maybe we should try this instead. Over the course of two weeks, O KC worries me a little bit.

0 (4m 46s):
But that's why it's so important that that first round might be pretty easy for them. New Orleans with Zion the way he looked. Holy shit in that playing game. What a

4 (4m 56s):
Debut.

0 (4m 56s):
What a debut and what a moment. I mean that was one of the best moments of the season. But if, if it was that version of Zion, I would've, I would've been really scared for them. okc. But that they're not even gonna get that. Do you put, do you look at the last six weeks with Denver with any sort of concern or apprehension with just some of the way they weren't closing games.

4 (5m 20s):
They did let go of the rope at times and with lineups that you wouldn't expect, right? That when they're playing all their guys And, they would still You know Lose to the Spurs inexplicably in a big moment. I think that a lot of us are looking at that as one of the weirdest games of the season and one of the outcomes we're all trying to parse and understand. I think what we need to come to terms with is the fact that Denver is the definitive Western Conference favorite, but they are beatable, they are vulnerable and especially they're a little bit lighter and a little bit more shallow than last year. Like if they have one injury to anybody in their core five. And it could be as simple as like KCP turns an ankle and he's out for a week. That could be their season. They just, just, they don't have the room for error that a guy like Bruce Brown gave them last time around.

4 (6m 0s):
And much as I love Peyton Watson and Christian Brown, like they're not quite as reliable in that sort of veteran way just yet. And I, I would love to see them prove it, but we gotta see it first.

0 (6m 10s):
Alright, I wanna shoot through the, through the matchups really quick. I know you already did this. Some ringer. NBAO kcs gonna play either Sacramento or New Orleans. We're gonna talk about that Denver minus four 20 on FanDuel as we tape this playing the Lakers who are plus three 10, Denver was three and oh in the series against the Lakers. They also swept them in the playoffs last year and feel very comfortable against them. Yeah. And yet I, I do think the Lakers, this is probably the best version of them that they've probably played out of those You know, not since those seven games. Any chance, how would you talk yourself into a Lakers getting frisky in this?

0 (6m 50s):
What has to happen for you?

4 (6m 52s):
Well I think it would start with the fact that they've just been better this year overall than they were last year. Yeah. Even with the ups and downs, even with everything that they've had to sort out, even with some of the coaching and rotation issues that still are kind of unresolved. But a guy like DeAngelo Russell's a great example. If he's the player, he's been over this part of the regular season versus the kind of borderline unplayable lead guard he was in last year's playoffs at times that's a monumental difference. Now whether you believe that to be true in playoff basketball, I I think that speaks to your point about the regular season being a different beast. Like once you can target him consistently in a matchup where everything is controlled, it looks a little bit different for guys like dlo. I I

0 (7m 28s):
Will say though, there's a like a fucking attitude with him. Oh no doubt that I think once he got thrown into trade rumors again starting in December and nobody stuck up with him and everybody was like, Hey, you You know it's the deal you signed, you probably are getting traded. It kind of unleashed him. And this version of, of dlo I think has been by far, I he's never a player. I've, I've enjoyed watching ever, but I've, I've kind of respect and admire him. He was You know, just seemed like he had a for sale sign on it around his neck and he was on eBay and You know just was being offered all over the place. And don don't know, I I thought it weirdly made him better.

4 (8m 5s):
Oh, definitely. Would

0 (8m 6s):
You agree that this was your favorite version of him or is that just me?

4 (8m 10s):
There's no doubt. Okay. I, I've had a lot of skepticism about a lot of different versions of DeAngelo Russell over the years in including the all-star minted versions. But this one, you're, you're right, there's an abandon he's playing with. There's a let it fly kind of attitude as far as like what shots he's willing to take and the fact that he is just hitting them at a much higher rate that's really healthy for the Lakers offense. You don't want LeBron to have to micromanage every single thing at this point. You don't wanna have to run so much go-to offense through ad. You want it to be able to find him and to have that kind of ecosystem, you need someone like dlo taking shots that are kind of on the edge of responsible and he's been so good at hitting them. That's a big huge reason why their offense has been so formidable over the course of this year.

0 (8m 52s):
Big picture though, do you see anything in Denver Lakers that makes you feel comfortable that the Lakers would be able to stop the Murray Okage pick and roll down the stretch in the final five minutes of a game?

4 (9m 4s):
No. Okay. Absolutely. Like I think that's the fundamental premise of the series and the matchup has not changed and it's not just the two-man game with those guys. It's the way Aaron Gordon intersects with them. It's the way Michael Porter intersects with them. Guarding all of that stuff at once is really, really hard. And I just don't have any reason to believe that this version of the Lakers is capable of that even, even though they've been pretty solid. But it's just a, a very tall order.

0 (9m 28s):
I'm gonna give you the kind of ESPN Fs one take I'm gonna give during this entire podcast. Let's do it. It's not the series for LeBron James, the LeBron James that we know. And I think this is why they lost last year because Denver's really good at defending him. Gordon is, I would say, is he the perfect guy you'd wanna put on LeBron at this stage of his career? He is in the top three, right?

4 (9m 58s):
Yeah. Especially 'cause he has the strength to withstand the bully efforts that LeBron will throw at you sometimes. So between the length, the athleticism, the discipline to stay down, he really is kind of a, a prototype defender for LeBron. To

0 (10m 11s):
Me how he stands out in this series is the outside shooting, which he's been really good at this year in the past. Awesome. But if you remember in that playoff series last year, Reeves was kind of a problem for Denver in some of those games. Right. And it's, and attacking Jamal Murray and just making him work on defense. And I wonder like if LeBron You know he is gonna go back and watch those four, he was really bad in all those fourth quarters and people were like, he's too many minutes. He's tired plantar fasciitis. And it's like also he is being guarded by Aaron Gordon and maybe there were some better options and I wanna, I wanna see if there's a world in this series where he is like, You know what, I'm gonna let the other guys eat and maybe I'll step in and do some stuff. But this will not be the typical like You know LeBron's gotta carry us thing.

0 (10m 56s):
And then the Davis versus Yoku, I think there's interesting matchups for them in the series and I'll be interested to see how they tilt it. But to me his passing and his three point shooting are the, are the keys all right. Minnesota, Phoenix, this line is moved. Hmm. Phoenix is now minus one 40 on FanDuel even though they're the six seed and it's for legitimate reasons, they're three oh against Minnesota. It's an awful matchup when you played Durant at the center against them. It really seems to discombobulated Minnesota in all these ways. Towns comes back at the tail end of the season. It's a little clumsy And we've gone from, I think Minnesota can make the finals to Minnesota now.

0 (11m 37s):
Not even favored in round one. Yeah. Justified our overreaction. You

4 (11m 41s):
I think maybe slight overreaction. I do think it's a very difficult matchup for Minnesota, but we've seen them claw their way through tough stretches all season battle their way back through obviously Carlin Fanny town's injuries but also they, they just haven't had any kind of consistent losing. They're a team that has a lot of resilience, has a lot of commitment to their scheme, has a lot of commitment to their style in a way that I think bodes well for the playoffs. Now they'll have to adjust some Rudi Gobert iss gonna have to do some different things. And in particular I think in that, in that final regular season matchup the way they were able to use Rudy on offense to put the son's bigs in foul trouble I thought was really important. The trick with Phoenix is they are like, you think of them as a small ball team and you're right when they play Durant at the five, that's a small look.

4 (12m 25s):
But when Durant's at the four, they have all the advantages of playing small, but they're not actually that small. Like Duran is a huge player to put at the four And. they do have good size in the perimeter even still and they're still playing NERC at the five. Like they're a good size team, which means they can put up some resistance, whether that's against Gobert against towns when he goes inside against Edwards on these drives. But an's gonna have to be a lot better. And that's one thing he just has not been good enough against the sons basically in any of the games he's played against them so far this year.

0 (12m 53s):
I actually thought it was weird to watch him. I don't wanna say he was scared, but he was a little tentative in that Sunday game. It was almost like he, I, he lost his confidence a little bit. I thought offensively. 'cause I had seen him in person the a week earlier and he was going downhill and just seemed like really com complete command and it felt like he, he lost a little bit.

4 (13m 14s):
He's got that young player mental hurdle of when teams trap him really aggressively, he knows that he probably should pass it and so often he'll overpass it or he'll give it up too early. It's, yeah, it's just, it's such a weird line to walk as a young star of knowing like when you just need to make shit happen, even if it is the wrong basketball play because it's your team's best chance of winning. And so that's the kind of thing that over games one and two may not come naturally to him, but by game six he may have a great feel in terms of navigating the pressure that Phoenix is gonna throw at him.

0 (13m 44s):
I'd like to award to Minnesota the coveted Bill Simmons trophy for 2024. The team I changed my mind on the most over the course of the season.

4 (13m 54s):
Oh wow.

0 (13m 55s):
They were number one for me. Yeah. Yeah. I just like a week ago I was like, they, they might make the finals. This is the best chance we have other than Dallas to beat Denver. And after that Sunday game last week, I was like, I'm out. I'm betting Phoenix. And then one, I'm just, I should Dave Rollercoaster ride to be left and right on paper with McDaniels and Edwards and especially when Edwards plays defense, which I think when he's invested he's, yeah, really, really, really good. And you would think, well those are two really nice guys to have to throw at Durant and Booker. Yeah,

4 (14m 28s):
Kyle Anderson too. Like they have good defensive

0 (14m 30s):
Players on what you want. Yeah. And it's, it's weird to me that they had this much trouble. To me, this is the town's referendum series. If towns can't be a, not only a difference but a problem for Phoenix then we're headed toward 15 years from now. The Twitter's, the Twitter Carl, we won't even have Twitter in 15 years, but Carl Anthony Towns was a problem. And, they'll show like his 62 point game and yet we'll know like, well the yes You know they're paying him 50 million a year and they're guarding him with Devin Booker with three minutes left in the game and he's barreling into the guy and getting up. So, but

4 (15m 7s):
The hologram highlights will be very convincing in 15 years.

0 (15m 11s):
Hologram highlights. I still don't believe in Phoenix yet. I think they're a trick or treat team and I just, I bet on, I bet on Phoenix in this series when it was even now minus one 40 seems nuts. Yeah because it's like Minnesota wins game one, Phoenix basically has to steal one of the first two, but especially game one because you don't steal game one that gotta win for your next six. And game seven is in Minnesota. Minnesota is a good crowd, weird series. It, it feels like one of these teams won't be the same which we're gonna do in the next segment after that one. They're

4 (15m 45s):
Also poi that that series also poised to be like really sloppy in the final minutes of these games. Yeah. But then with many, many players on the floor who are capable of doing almost anything at any given moment. So it'll be like three minutes of solid turnovers and then the most sensational Edwards play you've ever seen. Right.

0 (16m 2s):
Clippers Dallas, don don't even know if it's worth talking about. It's, it's anyone who that's on this series probably needs to reexamine things. I just, I need to see Kauai before I need to know what my opinion is. We have no idea Dallas, everybody's on them. The line has shifted. Dallas is now minus one 18. I think by the time this series starts, they're gonna be like minus 1 35. They were underdogs when the lines came out crazy. And I, I haven't met one person who's like, I love the Clippers.

4 (16m 34s):
No,

0 (16m 34s):
Not one person.

4 (16m 35s):
It's doesn't exist. It's so trendy to pick the Mavs right now. And again for good reason, like it makes sense why everyone would be leaning that way. It's just wild to think that that's where this clipper season has ended up, given how good they've looked now months removed from that. But even still,

0 (16m 50s):
Yeah, we're gonna talk about that next segment in the East Boston versus either Miami or Chicago. If they can't beat either of those teams then I'm probably gonna stop following basketball. Nicks Philly, which we're gonna talk about with Sean and Chris in in In Part two of this podcast. Got a little Sixers Knicks action with them. I just don't know what I'm getting from Abi for two weeks. So no, I, I'm all in on the Knicks in this series and I just think it's a great matchup for them. Where do you stand? Do you lean either way? Like are you afraid of mbi? Like actually if you're a Knicks fan, just like blowing them outta the water, what do you see?

4 (17m 30s):
I lean, I lean slightly Knicks. I do think it's gonna be tough, but the idea of the version of Joelle we saw, which was a version that could not really get above the free throw line on defense. The idea that that's gonna be the guy to contain Jalen Brunson with all the pivoting, with all the floaters, with everything that he can throw at you. That's a lot to ask for a guy on one knee. I, I just don't see that working out for Philadelphia. That's not to say they won't win games. I think it's still gonna be a long series, but there's a lot in that that's tilting New York's favor.

0 (17m 60s):
I was really surprised that Knicks weren't favored a little more heavily. And the Latin move, like when it opened, they were underdogs. Now it's even, I think by the time we get to the series they'll be maybe minus one 20. But I just, the Knicks are 33 and 15 in their last 48. Like the Knicks are good. Yeah. And they're 33 and 15 with missing dudes and not really having OG at all. And I'm just in on that team. Milwaukee Indiana is another one where the line completely shifted. Indiana is now favored Indiana as we tape this, they're minus 1 22.

4 (18m 29s):
Incredible.

0 (18m 30s):
It was weird watching people slowly realize that Giannis might not make it for like half this series. Whereas I was talking about on a podcast a week ago, like just research cries. Like Cadry had, it's three weeks, it's maybe four weeks. You cannot rush back from it. No, because you don't want a KD 2019 final situation. So now by the time we got to today, people are like, oh shit Giannis, he might not play. It's like, yeah he hurt his calf. I know he's superhuman but also a great matchup for Indiana. This is probably the team they wanted to play. Are you feeling upset here? I guess it's not an upset anymore because Indiana's favorite but whatcha feeling?

4 (19m 11s):
I do think the Pacers are gonna win. Yeah. I think the, the nightmare scenario that could quickly become reality is the Pacers win maybe the first two games of this series with Giannis out and then you have to make the calculation of is it even worth the risk of trying to rush him back given soft tissue injuries and the reality of those. And then you have to make really hard business calculus on whether you actually think you have a chance to come back into series when the Pacers have had their number all season. I think the, the style of play is very difficult for Brooke Lopez and for Chris Middleton. Like if they can't slow Indiana down, it's gonna be really hard for Milwaukee's veterans to keep up just with the dynamic of how this thing would play out. So I don't like anything about the terms of engagement here for the Bucks at all.

4 (19m 51s):
This is not the kind of matchup they wanted. It's obviously not the kind of team you wanna try to match baskets with. When Damien Lillard shooting's been up and down all season long, there's just not a lot to like about Milwaukee's chances there.

0 (20m 2s):
Did you see the Orlando game?

4 (20m 4s):
I saw bits of it. I, it looked ugly.

0 (20m 8s):
The second quarter was if I'm a Bucks fan, I'm just alarmed because it wasn't just that they couldn't score anymore. Like they couldn't get good shots.

4 (20m 17s):
Yeah,

0 (20m 18s):
They, the Orlando just stranglehold them and they even strangled them. I guess I could have used that word. I used to be a writer. They put them in a stranglehold.

4 (20m 29s):
There you go,

0 (20m 30s):
There we go. It took three tries and, and honestly Dame looked like Kemba in the bubble in 2020. That's, that's how rough it was. Like he just couldn't, couldn't get a shot off. So it's a

4 (20m 42s):
Huge problem. Yeah.

0 (20m 44s):
Also the Bucks are 20 and 21 in their last 41 games.

4 (20m 48s):
They've been bad for this season more than they've been good. Yeah. And we, we all need to acknowledge that as they go into this playoff series.

0 (20m 55s):
And then Indie with Sicom, which we haven't really seen any of those other ones. Last one, Cleveland, Orlando, which that line's bumped up a little bit. Cleveland's two to one favor now and You know people. I just don't think people watch Orlando. Yeah. And to me, Cleveland being a two to one favorite, I know they have home court, don don't really think it matters. This series feels even to me and I think Orlando's good. I don't know if they're gonna win, but plus 1 65 right now looks tasty. We'll talk about some of the subplots with Cleveland in the next segment, but why can't Orlando win this series?

4 (21m 31s):
I just wish they had a little more going offensively. Yeah, they just have so many rough stretches of eight to nine minutes where they go on extended lus and if they had any way to stem that, I think they would've a great chance in a series like this. I think they already have a pretty good chance their defense gives them that. And in particular the way their defenders line up. Right? It's what Jonathan Isaac could take away. If you play him at the five when Evan Mobley iss at the five, that's a completely neutralizing matchup. If you play Jalen Suggs in ways that's gonna disrupt Donovan Mitchell when Mitchell's looked really sluggish through the back part of the season. Not explosively. I agree.

0 (22m 4s):
He's at not like the same. Yeah,

4 (22m 5s):
He has not looked the same since he came back from, I think it was a knee injury he was coming back from, he had a couple of big scoring games at the very, very end of the season and that was it. And so I, I like that the idea that the magic could really disrupt what Cleveland does. I just think we're gonna get some You know 92, 86 finishes in this series that are gonna tilt Cleveland's favor just a little bit.

0 (22m 26s):
I'm so glad you said that because I looked at the game one line on FanDuel and I was like, what's it like 1 92, 1 95 and it was 2 0 8. And I'm like, I don't know a lot of scenarios where these two teams are gonna combine for 209 points. Like I, to me this is gonna be a rock fight and especially like when we get to the second halfs and it's just Paolo going one on three on one end and then Mitchell just being swallowed up by Suggs. I did look at some of the box scores though. Garland had a couple big games against them. So maybe that's, maybe this could be the here comes Garland game, but game, I just don't like what I've seen from Cleveland at all. At all.

0 (23m 6s):
No. And I think the karma of them blowing that last Charlotte game, I didn't like that that much. If I'm Orlando, I'm putting that on the whiteboard. I do believe in Paolo, I love the defense and we talked about this on Sunday, but beefing up the Isaac minutes is a real monkey wrench for this. If he's gonna play 30 minutes a game, that becomes the best offensive team in either conference. Yeah. For the minutes when all those dudes are out there. All right, we're gonna take a break and then we're gonna play a little game.

FanDuel (23m 33s):
This NBA playoffs Spano is giving all customers two chances to bring home a big win with a no sweat same game Parley every weekend in the playoffs. Just place an SGP on any playoff matchup. You get bonus pits back if you don't win you can be on rebounds assist three pointers, whatever you want. You can also bet on my big series boost that I have coming for you. We're gonna tweet it out on Saturday with the exact odds. But we're gonna boost for the series, the Nuggets and the Knicks to win. And right now it's in like the plus one 30 range, something like that. We're gonna try to get it to way higher than that maybe even like two to one. The other great thing we have, I have a 30% profit boost token for you. It's branded, it's the Bill Simmons branded 30% profit boost token. And by the way, we're gonna be handing out a bunch of them. So if you win the bet you win 30% more than what you bet. By the way, FanDuel now live in our nation's capital Washington dc Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. Shoot your shot at America's s number one Sportsbook FanDuel. The official sports betting partner of the BA You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC President select states game problem call one 800 GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com. Optin required minimum three. Legg Parly required refund issued as non-controllable. Bonus patch which expire seven days after seat max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions. Apply seat terms at sportsbook. FanDuel

0 (24m 51s):
do com

6 (24m 52s):
Jonesy, you ever run a marathon? No, mate. Eh? Thought you'd never ask. I didn't. Yeah. So I've run the Bay mile, the Great Ocean Cup. The north mile down south North. Down south. Exactly. Then the East Sprint out west the Titanic in 15. But that was mostly underwater. What

Sportsbet (25m 7s):
For those who like to keep track, try sports bets. NBA. Same game multi tracker. Track your multi live all in one place with sports bet conditions apply. Chances are you're about to lose. For free and confidential support, visit gambling help online.org au

0 (25m 22s):
Here we go. Rob Mahoney. It's a game we're calling. What happens if so we're going into the future after any of the rounds. Round one, round two, round three, round four. Yeah.

4 (25m 33s):
How far in the future do you want to go?

0 (25m 35s):
I wanna go. We'll stop like late June is the end of the future. We're just Okay. We're there's no flying cars yet or anything? No, we're

4 (25m 42s):
Just going no Kauai with a foot long beard on his deathbed Someday you need to figure

0 (25m 46s):
Out he's not KW on the Castaway Island. Nothing like that. Okay, well Kawai is our first one. What if Kawaii can't pull off being healthy in round one and we do this again and the Clippers lose again. Yep. And Kauai plays, it's a six game series and Kauai plays three and a half and there's mystery around it the whole time and yet they just extended him and there's a new arena coming and the Clippers who had that stretch for two months were like, there's three teams that can win the title. The Celtics, the Sixers and the Clippers And the Nugget are four teams. What happens?

4 (26m 27s):
Well, I mean for one I think we can't put enough punctuation on the first part of that, which is the Clippers lose this series definitively very quickly if if he's not a part of it, he's their only chance to even be competitive against the kind of two-way play that the Mavericks have been putting out lately. So yeah, if Kauai is not healthy, the Clippers lose. If the Clippers lose in that fashion. And Kauai again has this persistent issue where he can't stay healthy consistently, where he can't really be the centerpiece of a team in that way. I think the conversation around him starts to shift and it wouldn't be an indictment of who he can be in big games. It's who can he be as a franchise centerpiece, who can he be as a part of the Clipper's future and how do we even conceptualize a player like him if he wants to hang around in that sort of situation.

4 (27m 10s):
If he's the centerpiece of a team that persistently underachieves or doesn't go where it's supposed to go, what does that mean about him?

0 (27m 17s):
Yeah. Well and then what do you do if you're Paul George, you've already made a shit load of money. Yeah. You

4 (27m 22s):
Live in LA

0 (27m 23s):
Where you're from

4 (27m 24s):
Notably not extended Paul George, not extended

0 (27m 26s):
Paul George

4 (27m 27s):
Speak continuously not extended.

0 (27m 29s):
You have teams that have crazy Cal space, including the Orlando Magic who are really good. Yep. The Philadelphia 76 ERs who have Ris Maxey and Joel mbi. Or you could stay in the Clippers, you get one more paycheck and you're playing with James Harden and broken down Kauai and a bunch of expensive role players. Then it comes down to what's important to you. Clippers could probably pay a little more, but yeah, this is just crazy to me that this is now, we are now in the mid 2000 twenties and we're still doing this with Kawai and the Clippers. This is how the decade started, this is how the decade is going. And nobody at the Clippers seems to even know if he's a hundred percent

4 (28m 10s):
And that's where we're that's where we're starting from too. Like the one thing we didn't unravel there is, let's say he even stays healthy for the first series. I don't think anyone is thinking of the Clippers as a team that could last multiple rounds in the playoffs. And that was the whole premise of this group to begin with is this is one of the surest contenders given their talent that you're gonna find in the field. And they're not anywhere close to that anymore.

0 (28m 30s):
Yeah. There's this world where o KC could luck out, like the Clippers could somehow beat Dallas in this one. Oh yeah. And then You know Kauai has Unborrowed time at that point with how, what his health has been and now OKC might be able to get the Clippers with a compromised Kauai.

4 (28m 46s):
Yep. And then did then Kauai, does Kauai drop out of the Olympics at that point,

0 (28m 51s):
Right?

4 (28m 52s):
Or does he go to Paris anyway and just kind of hang out? don don't know. Jalen Brunson goes instead Jalen Brunson and Joel him off. They have the Olympics. They, they might need one.

0 (29m 3s):
Alright, we're taping this on a Thursday so this is still relevant. What happens if New Orleans loses the playing game?

4 (29m 11s):
I mean, don't they have an excuse at this point?

0 (29m 15s):
What about the part where Brandon Ingram just got benched in the fourth quarter of a must win game against Lakers and the team played better without him? Like I, to me it's, I I think he's one of the most realistic trade pieces this summer for a variety of reasons. Yeah. That include, it's really feels like it became Zion's team over the last two months. Trey Murphy. How many advanced stats can be incredibly favorable to, to him at this point? I don is he like the advanced stats. MVP.

4 (29m 45s):
He's he's among them. He's Trey Murphy beloved. Really good player. I But you said something there like that it felt like Zion's team over the last few months. I think that's definitively true. Watch the Pelicans play over the back part of the regular season. It shifted notably but it wasn't Zion's team in the last three minutes for the same reason. It's not been Zion's team for the majority to stay there. True You know And that's what makes the Ingram question so hard. And what makes him especially a less than ideal running mate for Zion. Just on the grounds that he also gets hurt a lot. Yeah. And he, part of the reason he played badly is he's also coming back from an injury and so whatever you may think about the fit of those guys or what kind of team you could build around them or what their future could be, just by the fact that they both cannot stay healthy I think is a huge problem that probably needs to be resolved sooner than later.

0 (30m 33s):
And they have a million picks. So this is Hey Mikhail Bridges, hey Nets, are you sure you don't wanna trade MHA bridges? What if we offered you Ingram and a couple picks and moved the your way? It could also go the other way. They could win the playing game. Yes. Without Zion. Be like, look at Brandon Ingram. What a redemption on Wednesday. He is benched on Friday. He is the hero. Next one we're bringing in Dame time, bringing in my dame time Bobblehead that I bought for the playoffs. Wow. In eBay. They had Dame time the other night and I had to get a bobblehead. It's got a little watch on the bottom of it and Dame's looking at his watch in the Bobblehead and kind of nodding at it.

0 (31m 18s):
Yeah. What happens if it's not dam time in round one? What if the clock just never starts moving and dam time? I think both you and I feel like this might be where we're headed with round one with Milwaukee, but what happens then? Is the market still the same? Do you run it back? Do you say weird year multiple coaches Giannis got hurt or do you say this didn't work?

4 (31m 50s):
I think you get a another big Giannis speech about the meaning of failure and success in life.

0 (31m 55s):
Does he have another one? You know the first one was so well crafted,

4 (31m 59s):
It was quite well crafted but he's got a little time to workshop it just in case You know. Just have it prepared in the pocket ready to go. But I think we are gonna hear a lot of the explanation. Giannis hurt as you said, multiple coaches Doc as he's told us many times took over mid-season. Very difficult thing to do. Yeah.

0 (32m 15s):
Hardest thing ever to do in the history of sports.

4 (32m 17s):
How could anyone possibly overcome it? Damien Lillard, to be fair, has been going through a lot personally and professionally this season. Chris Middleton missed almost 30 games. All those things are completely real and completely valid. And I have to say too, from the time Damien Lillard joined the Bucks, the most likely outcome was they were not going to have enough this season. They just lost a lot of their playoff rotation from the year before. They didn't have a lot of a much of a supporting cast. And the guys that they did have, especially Brooke and Chris Middleton are older to the point that they're injury risks. So it looked like the kind of team that was gonna take not only time to get used to each other and we've seen that, but time to just get another off season to get another exception guy to get ano to check another free agent market and get a little bit more help on the, on the kinda on the edges of their roster to be honest with you.

4 (33m 5s):
'cause the core four guys are good and they're good together, but they don't have enough right now. And that's really clear when Giannis is out.

0 (33m 12s):
See I wonder if they, their window was 21 when they won the finals then 22 when they threw away the one seed because they didn't wanna play Brooklyn, which was done when it was happening. I was on the record at the time. Like I just, I always want home court. That's why I love what the Knicks did. I just always want home court. I don't, you're gonna have to play whoever anyway to, to assume you're just gonna be able to duck teams. It's crazy. They throw it away. Game seven's in Boston, grant Williams hits 130 threes. Peyton pressure hits some threes. Yep. Milwaukee loses. But You know Milwaukee was really good that year and I think they would've beaten Golden State, but maybe that was their window, that little stretch with the team they had.

0 (33m 53s):
I thought Middleton looked pretty old in that Orlando game and I, I know his stats have been okay but I, he, to me he seems like he shifted to a slightly different point of his career. Their wings are just super slow and, and the dame, the Dame defense piece, And, they just a lot of ways to attack them. I don't see it with them. Yeah,

4 (34m 14s):
Just thinking about all those guys trying to keep up with the screening of the Pacers in transition and that's step one, right? Like can you even get through that to make that a competitive series and to fight your way through it. And even if you can do that, how are you going to get through multiple series with this roster and with Giannis who, like he's, he plays through injury, he comes back relatively quickly historically speaking. But how could something like a calf injury not be at the back of your mind when you move the way Giannis moves and you run the floor the way he does and your game is predicated on attacking headlong and getting vertical and like exploding to the basket on both sides, like both sides of the ball. So I, I just don't see how that makes sense in terms of a long playoff run.

4 (34m 54s):
It doesn't really add Up to me.

0 (34m 57s):
Rick Carlisle against Doc 2005 had was the Artes Melee year and somehow beat the Celtics in in seven in won game seven in Boston but has not historically been an Austin matchup. No. What happens if Cleveland flops in round one? I think this one's the easiest one to answer. Of all the what happens?

4 (35m 22s):
Well I think people start losing their jobs or their spots on the team for one. I think,

0 (35m 26s):
Yeah I think there's a coaching change JB

4 (35m 28s):
Bigger staff that conversation will be had to whatever extent Donovan Mitchell has a future as a cavalier right now, I would think it would change pretty quickly and he would be out sooner than later. And honestly you probably see a Jared Allen change too or some clarity as far as their front court. I think it would be the kind of thing where you turn the page from this version of the Cavs competing for playoff spots, trying to fight for home court positioning in the playoffs to the Darius Garland, Evan Mobley Cavaliers featuring what else you can scrape together. That's with

0 (35m 58s):
Some shooters. Yes. And whatever. Yeah. Yeah

4 (36m 0s):
I agree. I just think if they lose and especially if they lose in an embarrassing fashion and that's what it would be. Not 'cause Orlando is bad, but because the way Orlando would beat them would be very reminiscent of how the calves lost to the Knicks a year ago. If that happens, there's no delusion where you can talk yourself into the idea that everything's okay. Right. Like the NBA runs on that kind of like plausible deniability and people convincing their bosses that they should come back for one more year to try again. But there's no talking anyone into that at that point.

0 (36m 32s):
I, for 1:00 AM very excited to watch the Cavaliers next year with Garland Mobley. Tyler Hi Jaime Haquez Max Stru.

4 (36m 42s):
Yeah.

0 (36m 44s):
And head coach Mike Bozer. Sounds great.

4 (36m 46s):
Wow. Yeah, Nicole six man of the year

0 (36m 49s):
Sits, it's looks awesome. Oh this is a good one. What happens if Luca beats the joker in round two? He just, just big boys the series and he is the best player in the series and he knocks Denver out the defending champs. It would

4 (37m 10s):
Have to be the conference finals right?

0 (37m 12s):
Con Yeah. Round three. Sorry I,

4 (37m 16s):
This is a little reductive and maybe this is my E-S-P-N-E Fs one e take of the day. But if Luca goes on that kind of run, I think he has a very credible argument to be the best player in the world at that point. Right. There's, there's a baton passing that would happen in that situation given just like looking at the rosters, looking at the matchup. That is a series the nuggets should win, right? And if they do not, it will be because Luca took it to them and dismantled them and and really attacked their team in a way that no one else has been able to do. And so that kind of path to me would signal that Luca is, if not the best player in the world, then at least tied for the best player in the world

0 (37m 54s):
As the official custodian of the best player alive championship belt. Yes. If Luca beats Denver in round three, he's holding the belt up at the end. All right. It might not be fair, but that's

4 (38m 7s):
What it is. That's

0 (38m 8s):
Just how it goes man. If he you, that's how you win the championship of whatever you win the series. And I still think Yoic is the best part of the world. Yes. But if Luca, if Luca outplays him in a series and takes it, then that's it. That's the reality we live in.

4 (38m 23s):
How do you secure the belt? Do you, do you have like in a briefcase handcuffed to your wrist at all times? You're just like ready to, to move it to the next person when necessary.

0 (38m 30s):
We have You know the Stanley Cup has a guy with that just travels with it. It's same thing for us. We just have a guy who he's with it. He goes, he brings it around to different parts of the country. What

4 (38m 40s):
A job.

0 (38m 42s):
This is a good one. What happens if the Knicks beat the Celtics in round three? I was trying to think of the highest end holy shit moment for two fan bases that could happen in the playoffs. And I think this is it, the Knicks, the downtrodden terrible just laughing stock of the 21st century Knicks getting their shit together, beating Boston, which they did in 1973 And they did in 1990. And I think those were the only two times that ever happened. Mm. And the Knicks beat the Celtics and go to the finals.

0 (39m 23s):
That's our highest end holy shit moment that could happen I think in these playoffs. Right? Or I memo wrong.

4 (39m 28s):
That would be huge. I mean really the Celtics losing at any point before the finals would be a pretty big holy shit moment. I just don't think anyone in the east is really equipped to, to put up that much of a fight against them at this stage. But I, I think you have to walk us through this one. Like your nightmare dreamscape. If the Celtics lose to the Knicks, like what does that look like to you? What does the, what does even happen for that to turn out that way? So

0 (39m 51s):
It's funny, there's no Celtics Knicks rivalry at all. 'cause the Celtics used to just always kill the Knicks. Right. Except for a very small window after Russell retired. But Russell, I remember when I spent time with him in 2012 and we asked like what, what was the Knicks rivalry like? And he was like, it wasn't a rivalry. We beat them every year. They never beat us ever. There was no rivalry. It's like, all right, that's fair. So it was that five year stretch and that's really it. The 84 East finals bird versus Bernard. That was big but, but they were just never good At the same time, if the Knicks beat the Celtics, I would take so much shit from all the New York people in my life.

0 (40m 33s):
Like my mind goes there 'cause I'm selfish. Yes.

4 (40m 36s):
You, you don't have to block some numbers I would think.

0 (40m 38s):
But I think the craziest thing about it would be that the Knicks did it without doing the all in crazy trade with all their assets. Yeah. That would be the nutty part. I mean forget about how weirdo would be to make the finals without Randall, but to do it without doing your all in Anthony Davis to the Lakers type of trade and still have the picks and the assets. Like to me it's like if the Knicks make round three, even if they lose to the Celtics, but they set up this whole foundation but they still have the assets to have going forward. They've established themselves as You know it's cool to play for the Knicks again. Yeah. This whole era of KD and Kyrie going into New York and not playing for the Knicks like that era's over.

0 (41m 19s):
So even that's a win. But them beating the Celtics would be unbelievable. I mean that would be one of the greatest series in the history of the Knicks franchise. If they could, it would have

4 (41m 28s):
To be. And while we're printing Nick's propaganda here, I mean even just getting to the conference finals, there is a a path there that makes a lot of sense, right? Yeah. You're matching up with an injured dwell and bead right outta the gate. Either an injured Giannis as we said, or a young Pacers team that's gonna be pretty beatable if you're the Knicks. I would think. And before You know it, like Dante di Vincenzo is going wild in the Eastern Conference finals like it, it can happen very quickly given how good the Knicks are. So the fact that they can get there is very impressive. And as you said, if they win, if they do make it to the finals, that's a banner season. Even if they lose to the Knicks and the conference finals, it makes a great case to the big fish stars you're talking about. You know if you're, if you're Joel mbi, if you're anyone else, the idea of putting a team like New York over the hump who couldn't quite get past Boston is gonna be very attractive.

4 (42m 15s):
So, so long as they can get through those first two rounds relatively unscathed then that's always a a bit of a variable with the Tom Thito team and OG and Nobie is already dinged up as it is. They, they just gotta get through these things relatively healthy. But if they can, they're in a position to really either do something remarkable now or do something even more remarkable later.

0 (42m 35s):
Yeah, I mean they, they were built with, the motto in mind was the oh four Pistons and You know Brunson's a better scorer than anyone the oh four Pistons had, but same kind of mental, it's not even

4 (42m 47s):
Close

0 (42m 48s):
A tough, a tough team that made smart decisions at the end of games and was flexible on defense. They don't have the size the Pistons had. But I think the type of players that they went and found very similar to that team, like just certain type of warriors who just showed up tough, played really well together. Which is I think another thing they have. So absolutely it's different but it's not completely different. Is

4 (43m 12s):
It blasphemous? Like I think Jalen Brunson right now is better than Chauncey Billups ever was as

0 (43m 18s):
Far as that That's a question that like model Cnce got 20 points a game guy. I mean it was different. Like if you put, if you put that Pistons team in the way basketball's played now, I think some stats would go up. Sure. That was really like the dregs of society or Dr NBA society. Well

4 (43m 33s):
Maybe society too You know the dark time.

0 (43m 35s):
Maybe society there was some 67, 64 playoff games. Two more. What happens if Phoenix or Minnesota pick one lose round one? In other words, what loss would have more dramatic changes if you had between those two Phoenix loses in round one. What happens? Minnesota loses in round one. What happens? We talked about not positive towns is back if Minnesota just loses round one, maybe that's when they play the card.

4 (44m 3s):
Yeah. But what

0 (44m 4s):
Happens to Phoenix if now they're favored and then all of a sudden Minnesota beats them? What do they do? How do you talk yourself into next season?

4 (44m 11s):
What can you do? You, you literally can't trade Bradley Beal. You're not, you're not gonna trade Devin Booker and unless Kevin Durant wants out, you're not trading him. And I would hope he wouldn't so quickly even after something like that. Sad

0 (44m 24s):
Sadly you didn't mention the coach yet, which is usually after you've listed all the players that are still in the same spot, then you're like the coach coach and then all of a sudden the coach is like, wait, I'm fired.

4 (44m 33s):
Yeah, but, but an inconsistent execution team with bad fourth quarter performance. That's a lot pointing to Frank Fogle's. That's the way these things go. You know like that is gives you all the cover you need. All the reason you need. Is the reason enough to think that this team would be dramatically different next year? I don't think so. What they need is they need, they still do need, despite all the protests, like some supplementary ball handling, some playmaking, I think that stuff is meaningful for them. Even now. They need more bench guys they can actually count on versus the kind of roulette wheel that they spin from night to night. Like Grace and Allen's been great like extending him very, I think that's a, a nice move for them. They had to

0 (45m 10s):
Do that

4 (45m 10s):
But they need, they still need more guys that they can actually trust. And so the number of changes they could actually make would be a coaching change and then some supporting cast changes. But the stars would not change in the way that they might for Minnesota. Because I agree with you Kat, if, if Minnesota loses it's because they won't have enough offense and if they don't have enough offense, you're looking at your $50 million power forward, who's supposed to supply it in addition to Anthony Edwards obviously. But you're gonna look at him a certain way and wonder is this really the best use of our cap resources when we have so much invested between Go Bear and Cat and Nas Reed? Like something has to give at some point.

0 (45m 47s):
Yeah and they've been there before with Cat too. So if the series goes badly it, it won't be the first time they've kind of looked side eyed a a cat. Alright, bonus question. What happens if James Harden absolutely sucks against Dallas?

4 (46m 2s):
What happens is he sucks and then still gets a gigantic contract. Oh

0 (46m 6s):
My god. The Clipper fans in my life didn't wanna hear that.

4 (46m 9s):
I'm sorry.

0 (46m 9s):
So you think he's getting paid either way? I

4 (46m 11s):
Think he's getting paid either way. I think it is, there is a, a mutual understanding as far as how that stuff will go and that's where it gets dark. You know if they lose and James Harden is bad, maybe Paul George leaves and then you're left holding the bag with this team and you're opening up your new building with a starting lineup of Harden and Terrence Mann and Norm Powell and Amir Coffee. 'cause Kauai is sitting out the beginning of the season to nurse back from the injury that ended his previous season. Yeah. And it beats the zoo bots.

0 (46m 40s):
Yikes.

4 (46m 41s):
Big time. Yikes. Here's

0 (46m 42s):
Our new arena.

4 (46m 43s):
Yep. Buy your season tickets today.

0 (46m 46s):
Yeah. So part of me wonders if they'd just never made the hard in trade, what does this team look like right now? What seed would they have been in?

4 (46m 54s):
Yeah, I think I I think they would be worse by seeding at least. Yeah,

0 (46m 57s):
They probably like, I mean they did win like 52 games. They did hit or 51 they hit hit a couple highs. Yeah. Because there's one of the reasons Dallas versus Phoenix is, I mean Dallas versus the Clippers is so fun. It's also like all these like late two thousands, early 2000 tens draft pick guys kind of, but there's a generation of those dudes, right? Like Kyrie, George Ka Hard Westbrook, they're all in this as good as they were You know seven years ago, eight years ago. But they're all still pretty relevant and all of them can kind of steal the series, which is another crazy thing.

0 (47m 39s):
That's true. And I include Westbrook in that because if Kua gets hurt, I think we're gonna see a lot of Rus Westbrook in this series and he's, he's had a good season. Like I, I do think he's the kind of guy that could shift the energy of a series like this, but Harden's the one where if Kauai ends up not playing that much and it's like, Hey James, what do you got? You know it could be a fucking disaster. Or he could have a couple of the games like he had last year in the Celtics series where he looks like he's the best player on earth for two hours.

4 (48m 8s):
Yeah. I think it's gonna edge. Maybe not fucking disaster. It's pretty ugly. Yeah. But in that direction he, he does feel like he's a bit at that stage. And it, it's similar to what we were talking about with Chris Middleton earlier, where when every, when everyone's healthy a third option, Chris Middleton looks pretty good. Yeah. But you lose Giannis and you want him to do more and it's, it's just not there. Like the capacity to create in pressure against primary defensive assignments is just not happening for him. That's kinda what I see with Harden. Like, he just doesn't get to the basket consistently enough. The foul drawing is obviously winnowed off for him as a result. He has a very either step back or great pass oriented game and he's smart enough and savvy enough to make that work most of the time. But it works primarily when he's a third or fourth option on the floor.

4 (48m 50s):
Like that's when he's most comfortable at this point. He's told us he wants to be a facilitator and we probably should take him at his work. 'cause that's what he's best at right now.

0 (48m 58s):
Well, and especially you're playing the same team for two straight weeks. They start getting used to stuff. I'll be interested to see how the playoff games are called. There was some tiny signs that they were loosening up the reigns a little bit on some of the foul stuff, but we'll see. Yeah, it's like what happened with Clay Thompson. When you talk about hard end made me think of that. Like oof said, point of your career, gonna talk about Clay with Logan in a second. We were gonna pour one out for the Warriors. I know you talked about it on, on The, Ringer, NBA show, but Rob Mahoney, I think I, I'm like a nine outta 10 for these playoffs.

4 (49m 33s):
There's so much to love,

0 (49m 34s):
So many storylines, so many good players. I, I'm just delighted.

4 (49m 38s):
Even the worst series are gonna be either super watchable or they're gonna be kind of rock fight endearing. I think there's, there's gonna be a lot to watch. There's gonna be a lot to dig into. This opening weekend of the playoffs is my favorite sporting event of the year. So I'm, I'm looking forward to being in the muck with it.

0 (49m 52s):
Yeah, the worst series is probably gonna be Celtics, Chicago or Celtics versus No, Jimmy Butler, Miami. Yeah. Then if you go second war series, I kind of like all the series like right Orlando Cleveland is probably gonna get the most NBA TV time, so Rudy, but I can't wait to watch that series and I can't wait to see You know some of the moves Orlando makes. We'll see what they got. Rob Mahoney, great to see you.

4 (50m 15s):
Thanks Bill.

0 (50m 21s):
All right, we're taping this on Thursday afternoon Pacific time. We had to pour one out for the Warriors. This might be it, maybe it's not, maybe some changes will happen this summer. Maybe they'll fight it off. But Logan Murdoch was there from The Ringer. He wrote a good piece about it, the atmosphere after they blow a playing game. And we'll get into all the reasons why they blew the playing game. But what was it like in there? What couldn't you put in the column that you wanted to put in and what was the general vibe? Was it sadness? Was it appreciation? Where were we?

8 (50m 52s):
It was, it was very subdued. I haven't seen this type of type of locker room probably since 2016 when they lost in that way. I think the biggest thing, the first, the first inkling that I got of the vibe was when Draymond Green came to the podium and usually he's somebody that kind of exudes excitement. I was, and, and, and somebody like I think about last year when they lost to the Lakers and how while he knew that it was a pretty bad loss and it, it wasn't a great season. There was a little of optimism there. There wasn't that much optimism from Draymond going into this off season. You had a lot more questions.

8 (51m 32s):
You know, we we're, I'm sure we're gonna get into it with the Clay Thompson uncertainty, with this uncertainty, with this roster in general. And I think just an overall sense of we're not as good as we think we're, I think that there was a, there was an air of, oh, we can, we can maybe turn it around at some point. I mean, me and you talked around the, the, the trade deadline where it was like, can the Warriors do something? Can they make a run? I think the Warriors had that in mind as well. And I think losing to the kings in this type of fashion and that type of game, especially I think You know, watching the game, it felt like You know the Warriors were gonna have a punch. I think even if you were, if you looked at the second quarter when Draymond gets that still on Saboni, you kind of thought like, oh, they were, they're gonna impose their will in the second half and that just didn't happen.

8 (52m 19s):
So to lose to the Kings in that way and the kings weren't playing well going into that game, I think there was a level of wow, we are, we are aren't who we think we're, and there's not this era of inevitability that we always think we have going into a postseason series. It's like I, I've been watching a lot of Tiger Woods lately and You know back in the day, You know I was, I was watching the HBO doc on Tiger Woods least recently, And, they were talking about the Tiger effect and the Warrior had that similar effect, right? Where you're going into the third quarter and you're thinking that you, you, you're going third quarter against the warrior and similar to when a player goes against in the back, in the back, not against Tiger, when they think of think, oh man, this, it's not crunching time.

8 (53m 0s):
It, it we're scared and the Warriors just didn't have that in this third quarter. And it was just, it, it felt like they laid down in a lot of ways and that's really, really, it was really unusual to see and then to see how subdued they were going into it. I talked to Steph at the end of the, at the end of the game and he didn't even know how to deal with this time because he's never been out for the playoffs just early in a calendar year. I think the last time he was outta the playoffs was the pandemic. But if you go stretch even further back to that, he hasn't been outta the playoffs in April since 2012. And just not even knowing how to go about life in April without playing basketball.

8 (53m 42s):
So this isn't, these are uncharted warriors, uncharted waters for the Warriors, excuse me. And I, I don't know where they go from here and I don't even think they even know how to go from here in this time because they've been together for so long. They now they're thinking about You know, is Clay Thompson going to be back? That could, that was unfathomable years ago, right? And now they're thinking about a new world maybe without him and how are they gonna even reach the mountaintop with the Western conference's? Greatest it's ever been with these young, with these young teams up and coming. You got, it's, it's, it's, it's weird times in the Bay area right now.

0 (54m 19s):
Yeah, so recent NBA history that's only happened like five times, right? Where you had the oh four Lakers, which was the end of Shaq and Kobe, but you could feel like something they made, they made it all the way to the finals, but you could feel something was gonna shift and then Shaq got traded so that ended abruptly. You go back to the MJ Bulls that ends abruptly in 98 All of a sudden they know it's the last dance, but it just ends and there's no kind of slow progression out magic. When he got HIV all of a sudden that 91 Lakers and then they're done. The Celtics, the big three, when they got old, they lost this first round series to the Knicks and it was, it reminded me a little of this Warriors thing where they lost to the Knicks at home in game five, it was the best of five.

0 (55m 6s):
And it was like, oh my God, not only is this really over, but holy shit we just lost in round one. What happened, And, they were able to bring in some young dudes And, they were bringing able to bring in Brian Shaw and D Brown and Reggie Lewis was ascending And. they were able to fight it off. Which your best case scenario for the Warriors would be if, if Zeki Jackson Davis, they can get more outta Minga. Maybe these young guys can, can pop up and then You know figure out what you could turn Chris

8 (55m 35s):
I another team to that. I think that that, I saw this team in person. I think it was the, the 18 Spurs was another one I think where

0 (55m 42s):
Oh that's a good, this is more, this

8 (55m 43s):
Is, this is, I think that's more comparable to this team where you're kind of seeing it in real time. This this team kind of descend, but You know all the guys I remember, I remember being at last game. I think that, I think that is more comparable to what we're we're about to see going

0 (55m 59s):
Forward. Yeah, I like that. I went on a Termin and Eddie show yesterday on series, the NBA's channel. I pop on there everyone. So I was in the car, I was like, I gotta call in because I didn't do a podcast Tuesday night And, they asked me who I was more afraid of for the Celtics in the one eight. They asked me, are you more afraid of Miami or are you more afraid of Philly? And I was like, honestly, I'm not afraid of either team because the Celtics are one of the five best regular teams of all time. Philly. I don't know if MBIs even gonna play in Miami and that I'm gonna bring this back to the Warriors. I just think Miami's at a different point of their whole arc. I don't think You know, I think they kind of peaked from 20 to 23. The league got better And, they kind of stayed the same.

0 (56m 42s):
And I think that's one of the things I think about when I look at the Warriors. It's like I, don Dunno if they necessarily got worse. There were 46 win team that dealt with a whole bunch of shit too. They, so they were, they were really a 50 win team that probably was minus five from where they, I think

8 (56m 56s):
53 of Draymond doesn't, doesn't, yeah. How

0 (57m 1s):
Many stupid games did they lose? Right? How many games did they give away down the stretch where I, I know I watched five of 'em where you're like, how the fuck did they lose that game? So the the point is like in 2022, what that team did compared to this team where the league is just way better and you've seen some younger stars blossom into superstars and we, the kind of depth we have where the Lakers are like a seven seed and You know Philly's a seven seed like the league's deep so there's no margin for error anymore. And I just don't know what don don't know how you upgrade this from what it is now. There's really no move unless it's like it's Wing Wiggins' contract with Minga attached with all your picks and you're trying to get like Carl Anthony Towns because Minnesota just lost him around woman.

0 (57m 48s):
But even then, what does that do? I don I don Dunno what that

8 (57m 50s):
Takes I don title like don don't think that that, because I don't see Carl Anthony Towns going toe to toe in a major way in that way. Right. Or like if you're, or we talked about this offline, like because they, they can't get Giannis, they don't have the assets to be able to get Giannis. And that's the only player that I think that that lake up will like tear down the whole roster no matter who the core is behind step to around step to get a guy. I think that's the only guy out there right

0 (58m 17s):
Now. That's, it's such a key point because, and this goes back to the Moody pick, the Wiseman pick and the Minga pick where they basically went one and a half for three, I would say not getting anything from the Wiseman spot, which is fair, it was the covid year, I get it. It was like a black swan year, but they just don't have enough to trade for Giannis. So if this Bucks thing goes sideways, if Dame time dam, I just showed him a damn time. Bobblehead, if Dame time doesn't come through with Giannis hurt, Milwaukee just loses him round one and Dame's like, I had a terrible time here, please can I get outta here? And Giannis is like, well I want out two. And all of a sudden it's a, it's a sweepstakes. They don't have the a the orders don't have the assets.

0 (58m 58s):
And I don't think we would've said that even two years ago. Yeah, Wiggins, Wiggins is now a negative asset with this contract. Kaga ISS heading into an extension their picks, who knows? I just don't think they have enough to really get somebody big.

8 (59m 11s):
And I think also another thing too, man, was the return that they got for the pool trade with Chris Paul kind of fell flat in their face too right now too. Because like they, yeah, what they gonna do with Chris Paul at this point, he kind of is who he's, he has the, the non-guaranteed salary. don don't think he's gonna fetch much in the, but Morgan, maybe he can, if you get, he's, he can help if you have a third team or something, but they don't really have these assets. And then with the, with the other guys you mention Andrew Wiggins and Minga, they're in a, they're, they're in a weird place with them as well because if they wanna upgrade and I, I think that if they wanna upgrade, they're gonna probably have to move on from both of them. I I, I honestly think that, and I I do think I would not be surprised if one or both of them are traded this off season.

8 (59m 57s):
Yeah.

0 (59m 57s):
Because you saw you, you've been in the bay the last two years. Would you want Wiggins under any circumstances for 26, 28 and 30 for the next three years? I wouldn't go near that.

8 (1h 0m 8s):
Absolutely not. But I told you, and I've told you this even last summer, the, the time to really make major moves was last summer. And I think that they waited And, they divided their time And, they And they, and the front office didn't do anything. And this is where it leads you to a team You know how the, the fast, the NBA moves in this, in this era, you have to make moves consistently to help your team win. And that's something that the warriors for all of the success that they've had, they've, they've all, they sometimes they've been a little too patient with guys and a little too patient with things and trying to see if they will work out when other teams are flipping there. There's an arms race all around the league and the, and the Warriors haven't done that.

8 (1h 0m 50s):
And I think that You know they're gonna, they're gonna suffer for that because I mean, we saw the roster. I mean you've seen them when you went to the games in la I've seen them. There's I don, I don't think that there's any player out there aside from Giannis Cumbo that can make this into a contender. I I just don't, I name the player don don't see it. Right?

0 (1h 1m 10s):
Yeah. And then you get, you get a little false confidence from 2022, right when you go back and look at that.

8 (1h 1m 17s):
Go back to 2022. Real quick before we get to that, there was a sense la during that year that this was probably the last chance we have at a title. And that's why they went so hard, right? They went on the 18, I don't, they went on the 18 and two start, then they kind of coasted the rest of the way. But it's the difference between these, these past two seasons and that season. All those weird games they won in 22, right? They beat the Utah Jazz. When the Utah Jazz were good. They, they were able to compete with other teams. They, they beat Denver then they got the right side of the bracket and played Denver without Jamal Murray and was able and then played a young Memphis team who just wasn't ready for that stage yet. Beat them and then played Dallas. Who

0 (1h 1m 57s):
Dallas was might've been

8 (1h 1m 58s):
One of

0 (1h 1m 58s):
The, no, Pingus was in that series.

8 (1h 2m 1s):
Yeah. One of the weaker western conference finals teams that we've had in recent memory. And then they played the Celtics at the perfect time in in their rise. 'cause they're like, they wouldn't beat this year's version of the Celtics And. they beat that, that young version of the Celtics team. And you got a sense of relief because they knew what was coming down the pike. And then in then these last two years and that 22 se season, they kind of stole one And. they knew that they stole one at that time.

0 (1h 2m 30s):
Yeah. Murray is the big injury. Memphis not quite ready Dallas, no Pingus. Listen to this Dallas lineup that they played in the, in the western finals. Luca, who's 22, Jalen Brunson, who wasn't Jalen Brunson yet, but was You know for, for what that team was like. Great. Spencer Dinwitty, Finn Smith, Reggie Bullock, CLE Burtons was the seventh man, Trey Burke and Frank Mida, however you say his name with Dwight Powell. I mean that just, the league's just way better now. There's no way you're getting in the Western finals with that roster. It's impossible. So a lot of things went right for them.

0 (1h 3m 12s):
I mean you've been, you're from the Bay is, they were a little like they left Oakland. A little bit of bad juju that came with that. You gotta start, think about that, right? don

8 (1h 3m 21s):
Don't I don, I don't think Karma

0 (1h 3m 22s):
Bill is looking at the bad juju from that.

8 (1h 3m 24s):
Nah, nah, no, no. don don't think so. There's gonna be, I'm gonna use this your, your wide platform to say that that bad Juju gonna Oakland Up to sa

0 (1h 3m 32s):
Gonna,

8 (1h 3m 33s):
It's gonna sink them. I think, I think the move to, I think it's by and large especially because growing up the, the Warriors always reported themselves as the Bay Area team, not necessarily Oakland's team. And I think that's working to their advantage as they go to San Francisco. Yeah, I don't think there's any And. they keep their facility in Oakland with the women's basketball team. They're gonna use that facility a lot. They still have a footprint in Oakland. It's not that big of a deal as opposed to other teams. So You know Karma, they get a pass

0 (1h 3m 59s):
Karma Bill didn't love it. You know what else he didn't love from that 22 title. It convinced them, ah, Andrew Wiggins, this came true. Andrew Wiggins

8 (1h 4m 8s):
Was the second best player in the, on the team or the second he was the, was he the second best player in the league for like a week for somehow like, I dunno how the hell that happened,

0 (1h 4m 16s):
Logan. He was the second best player in that series, including all the Celtics. That was the problem. But then that sucked you into, oh yeah, Wiggins, we gotta we gotta step in on this. And then the other thing was it, it sucked them into the pool extension, which they just did not have to do. They could have poked that a little bit, let it go, let it go during the season. Let's make sure, let's make sure this mix fits and instead they did it too early and that mistake.

8 (1h 4m 45s):
But that was a Joe Lake play though. That was a Joe Lake play. And that's, oh, I know. And you never underestimate for You know the listening audience. You never underestimate Joe Lake's impulses. Right. And that might end up happening with the Minga extension this summer, right? Because there is a disconnect with that from the coaching staff onto the front office. Because I really do feel like over this, this, this year was a, was you saw the whole package of what Minga is, right? A really, really talented guy, but sometimes has that edge that might go too far to where he'll say something publicly that'll just, just erode trust with the front office. But he still has Joe Lake's love. And that might take him only so far, but it's gonna be interesting to see like how they negotiate with him this, this summer.

8 (1h 5m 30s):
Because I mean, you saw the King's game, he's a really, really interesting prospect. But he, he's is he the number two player on a championship team is, which is what they need him to be? Absolutely not.

0 (1h 5m 42s):
Or is he the best player on a 30 and 52 team, which might be his best or second best player.

8 (1h 5m 48s):
I don't even know if he's that bill. I mean, even watching him play, don don't even know if he's the best player. He might be the best player on a 21 team at this point in his career, or 21 team at this point in his career. And at at least that's what some people in that organization feel like. We'll see what wins out. But You know, he, I think he, the the comments he made mid-season really, really made an impression on that coaching staff, right? And that's why like You know on the face value it seems like, oh yeah, they'll just sign Minga and trade away Wiggins. Well, in Wiggins they see a guy that they can trust in You know big moments, which is what has pissed Minga off both publicly and privately. But they do that because they know that if Wiggins doesn't get what he wants, he is not gonna lash out in the media in the way that Minga did.

8 (1h 6m 36s):
And with Minga, they see a high ceiling, but sometimes might not do the little things might not go, might not box out when he needs to or might not go to the cup when, or be as aggressive as they need him to be. So you have that angle from the coaching staff also. You have the Minga angle who, and rightfully so he feels pissed because he plays really well when, when Wiggins is out of the lineup, helps them get them into the playoffs at 23 and then he gets his minutes last. So there's a lot of egos and a lot of different things that are going at play. And this is just the minga angle of it. I know we're gonna talk about the play angle of it, but I would not be surprised if these negotiations are, are, are not, are are a little contentious, right?

8 (1h 7m 19s):
Because there's a lot of different things

0 (1h 7m 21s):
That stick minga down and be like, look man, Draymond is responsible for all the drama here. We don't, you can't also bring drama. We, we, we already have, I made a blame pie. Draymond is at least 60% for this season for me because just fundamentally, this was a team that should not have been in the playing game. They had too much talent. And, they had one of the best six to seven players in the league who was having a really good year, I think until they started to get, you could just see him wearing down in the last month because they have no other craters. Draymond put them in such a hole in the first half of the season with all the different stuff and the suspension that, that's the difference between 46 wins and 50 wins right there.

8 (1h 8m 2s):
The worst part about it though, bill, is that this is one of the best Draymond seasons in recent memory, right? Like even the on the floor in terms of stats. He was, he shot the ball really well. Yeah. Played really well. Good defense. Really connected all lineups of the lineup. They were really lost. We talked about that in our last podcast where they, the offense was lost Curry. If you look at his numbers were pretty abysmal during that stretch when Draymond was out. Like I said, if they were, if they're, if Draymond is whole and doesn't You know hold bodily harm to the opponent, I think that they're, they could, there's an argument that they could be a four or five seat, they could be where Dallas is right now. Right? And I think

0 (1h 8m 39s):
If you, well there's, and the tension that he brings week to week, I think wheres, it's just hard man. You, this is your job and you just wanna worry about your job and your skills and being ready for every game. And meanwhile Melrose Place is going over on the side here week after week and then it's like, oh no, he gets it, he's fine. It's like, oh, my podcast is back. And it just, just the ongoing drama on top of the fact that you don't feel great about maybe where the team is and you're, I

8 (1h 9m 4s):
Mean you saw that in the Orlando game with Curry, right? Where Draymond gets ejected in a game that they have to have and how frustrated he was. Right? Like I don't, and it's a bigger frustration because You know, I, I'm regurgitating a lot of what we said in the last thing, but like when all these guys are vouching for you and you still are crossing the line, right? Like Joe Lake of another impulse decision to resign Draymond to that extension saying, Hey, we need you. We're gonna give you this player option. We're gonna give you all these things. We need you to mentor the young guys. And then a few months later he gets suspended indefinitely. Right? Right. That's, those are the things that they continue to have to deal with. And they're gonna, they've made this bed. Draymond is gonna be there. He is gonna always be the last one standing.

8 (1h 9m 45s):
If you look at the contracts right now, he's the one that's, that's the Warriors have committed to the longest and that's what Steph Curry on the roster right now, You know you have right this four year extension with the player option and then you have two years of curry. So it's, it's a, it's an interesting time right now,

0 (1h 10m 2s):
The warrior, I wonder if he's a change of scenery trade, right? Like even New Orleans with Brandon Ingram just gets benched in that first playing game, right? And it, it does seem like that might be a name that's available, right? And could you,

8 (1h 10m 13s):
Who would you want? Who would you want, who would you want Dray? Like if you had a fuck a fuck you Draymond Trades team, who would you wanna trade with Trade Draymond to be on?

0 (1h 10m 21s):
I think you have to be careful with that though, because if you send him to a team, he doesn't wanna be in the, the team that he doesn't wanna be You know that's getting him. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, oh my God. Like let's say, oh we'll send him to Detroit. He could be a mentor for the young guys. He's from Michigan. And then he's like, no, I didn't really wanna go to Detroit, actually I wanna win another title. I didn't wanna get traded. And then he just sabotages the situation for a year. I thought New Orleans would be an interesting spot for him because they, they already have so much offense and so much scoring and a specific type of identity and I feel like he could fit in different stuff. I

8 (1h 10m 57s):
Pick a with him and a column and to a allow tht design would be fun. That would really fun to watch

0 (1h 11m 2s):
To me. Like everybody's like, well, Draymond will be back. We'll see about Clay. I I would not put Draymond coming back in pen. I I think everybody in this roster is available in some form.

8 (1h 11m 14s):
Don't under, I'll say this though, do not underestimate the, the I I don know how to word this the right way. But don't underestimate the what Draymond in the relationships Draymond does have behind the scenes with the Warriors. There's a reason why he's pretty shrewd in that way. There's a reason why he is gotten the extensions that he is gotten. There's a reason why he is, he is aligned himself. One thing that's that Draymond does is align himself with the right people to get what he wants. What did he do with his whole time with the words he's aligned himself with Steph Curry? Oh man, Steph, me and Stef and Draymond pick and roll is unstoppable. You see this time and time again that's got him stayed him with his career. What has he done off the floor? Oh, I'm aligned with LeBron James this, he's getting me all these, I'm getting all these opportunities in that way, right?

8 (1h 11m 59s):
Like don't underestimate that element of Draymond. And that's why I believe he's gonna be back just because he is able to ingratiate himself with the right people. He does piss a lot of people off. Yeah. But the right people always tend to vouch for him at the right time.

0 (1h 12m 16s):
It's funny, Steph frustrates me because he doesn't get involved enough. LeBron frustrates me as a leader because every year near the trade deadline, all of a sudden half the teammates are in trade rumors for six weeks. Six weeks. And then You know. And and you never hear him say like, Hey man, we're not trading Austin Reeves. I love playing with that guy. He just don don't know I'll do an emoji. And Steph's the opposite. Steph, his attitude forever, at least everything I've heard You know behind the scenes plus what he's done publicly is just like, Hey man, I'm just here to play basketball. But You know, I look at what with the situation he was in this year where by the end of the year it's, I mean you, you could, I've never seen that dude that tired And.

0 (1h 12m 56s):
they had nobody who could create a shot on that team other than him. And it just wore it down. Then you get in a playing situation where You know the kings I don't think are a very good team team, but the thing you don't wanna happen when you're playing the Kings is for Keegan Murray to play well. Because when Keegan Murray plays well, All of a sudden they have three guys going. And now you have on the flip side of that clay having the oh for 10. It's just the worst possible time. I texted you, I thought that if Orlando like doesn't get one of their scoring targets this summer because I think they're gonna do the Van Wheat deal on, like they'll try to get Malik Monk, they'll, they'll go short, short term big money for a score to add to the group they have because they have dudes on rookie contracts.

0 (1h 13m 38s):
But I could see Clay You know could, could he get like a two for 40 or a two for 45 from somebody who just has the cap space to burn is like, ah, fuck it. He shot 39% for three last year. I think that's a scenario. But to me the Grayson Allen contract is more of a reflection of what the market is for him. It's probably like Grayson got four for 70, so Clay's probably like three for 50. And you said he turned down two for 48 before the year, right?

8 (1h 14m 6s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 14m 7s):
So he's probably, unless it's a team like Orlando that struck out, it's like, ah, fuck it. I think it's more likely that he leaves than you do because I, I could see him leaving for two years and then coming back to finish his career. Yeah. Other people are like, no way he will, he'll take whatever to stay.

8 (1h 14m 25s):
So I've been, I've been thinking on this even since we, we talked yesterday, like this is, I mean we all know how the negotiation is gonna go. The Warriors are gonna try to pull at his heartstring, talk to him about You, know how much You know they love him and how this is the best place for him. Also, the staff is gonna say probably pull the card of, well if you go somewhere else, they're not gonna give you the offensive freedom that you'll get here. Yeah. Which is if you go to Orlando or whatever team that throws them a bag, they're gonna put your ass in the corner and you're gonna shoot threes. You're not gonna be able to get everything that you would want here. Right. And another thing, I mean I see this all the time just being in the Bay area.

8 (1h 15m 7s):
Whenever Clay has an er 10 er whatever these types of games, the fan base by and large is like, it's a shrug. It's like, okay, like I watched the, the, the, the, the fan base's reaction to his last, his last game of what could be his last game of his career and Golden State. And after in a game where he didn't make a shot, everyone was more concerned about, oh, could he leave us? Could he leave? Oh my goodness, what's a life without Clay? He's loved the dude. He's, yeah, he's not gonna, he's not gonna have that type of relationship with whatever fan base that You know the the next fan base. He's not gonna have that. It's gonna, if say he goes to, I'm just putting a name on there, they don't have the couch base, but like say if he goes to like Dallas or someplace, right?

8 (1h 15m 46s):
Where he has those clunkers where he goes, oh, for 10 twice a month, is that fan base gonna turn on him? Probably is. That, is is if you play, I don't know, whatever. But I think if you think if, if he goes to another team, the point I'm making is he's not gonna get the love that he's gonna get in the Bay Area through his highs and lows. That's what they're gonna pull.

0 (1h 16m 8s):
Can I give you a scenario?

8 (1h 16m 10s):
What's that?

0 (1h 16m 10s):
What if he's at that 2012 Ray Allen Miami point of his career said Ray Allen, remember took Ray, he took less, he went to Miami. He wasn't one of the three best players in the team. He was a luxury item. Yeah. If he had it on certain nights, that team was unbeatable. There are other nights where he didn't have it. You want him out there in crunch time 'cause you knew where to go and what to do. And may, like you mentioned a team like Dallas, maybe it is a team like Dallas. Maybe it's a team that has three stars. Maybe it's a team like Denver. Maybe it's a place where he could be the Rayo in 2012 luxury. I say I just don't think he's a 17, 18 million player anymore because I don't think he's consistent enough. And he's been in the league a long time.

0 (1h 16m 52s):
You know and he's had major injuries. I don't see it.

8 (1h 16m 55s):
Well when I made the argument for Dallas, like that's one scenario. But like he's not gonna get, he's not the Ray Allen situation doesn't happen in with a team like Orlando. They're too young, they're not ready. He would just be take, he would literally just be a money grab at that point. But

0 (1h 17m 8s):
It could be a, it could be maybe a Philly You know. Yeah. Like, but there's, we have so many cont contenders now. He'd have his pick. He could be like a Minnesota, I dunno if you'd wanna go to some of those cities, but You know

8 (1h 17m 20s):
You the one man that that lake will be frozen. He couldn't put his boat in Minnesota. It'd be frozen. Right. But no, I think I I don, I do

0 (1h 17m 27s):
Sacramento just trying to swoop in, steal a famous word. Could see Sacramento.

8 (1h 17m 32s):
I can see that one. I I I could vec I could definitely see that it's just gonna be, it's gonna be interesting because You know there for, for the most of the season, clay was felt disrespected by the offer that he got last year. And he played, like, he played like a guy that was trying to get, that was in a contract year that didn't know what his, what his skill level was and was trying to shoot his way back into a deal and prove to the Warriors that he was worth more than that. That's the how he played. He didn't play like a yeah and he played within more within himself down the stretch of the season. But there were so many talks that Steve had to have with him about just finding a role in this team, just figuring out a role.

8 (1h 18m 13s):
And you're that you're not the guy you once were, but that's okay. And I feel like that he, I he's not gonna have that kind of case. It's not gonna play out the way he thinks it is if he goes to another team. I just, I I don't believe that. And if he does it, it would be for a cash grab and I don Dunno if he I don Dunno if he would go, what, what Bill is sending a bobblehead, what is that Bobblehead right there? What do you, who's, who is this

0 (1h 18m 37s):
Doc's nodding at you and, and Doc's saying, You know what? I'm holding the doc Bobblehead right now. Everybody gets old. Doc was on this podcast and he was saying when they had that fight against Minnesota or almost fight and Doc said, this is a really interesting moment in the season because Golden State to me is afraid of Minnesota.

8 (1h 18m 58s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 18m 59s):
And the fact that they reacted like they did means they feel like Minnesota's on their corner. And you do that when you feel like you're losing your corner. And Doc was right Doc sniffed it out. Yeah.

8 (1h 19m 10s):
One last thing, one last thing on Clay. One of, one of the, his vets when he came into the league was Andre. And one of Andre's motto is, take every bit of cash that these people are gonna give you because you'll never get it again. Mm. And that, I was thinking about that a lot when we texted yesterday after we texted. And I, it's gonna be curious if he takes the Andre Alala capitalist advice or if he gets pulled at the heartstrings advice about staying with the Bayer because this dude is beloved. I've seen just anecdotally, just from people around, people that I've known for years, like Clay Thompson is the, the probably the only guy in the Bay Area that can go to in the middle of East Oakland at midnight or anytime at night and also go to Tiran and Sausalito.

8 (1h 20m 1s):
He's beloved here and he's not gonna get that where he wants to. And this is the guy that loves being loved. And so we'll see if he takes the bag or if he takes the love for it. And I still haven't decided what he's gonna take. And I don't even know if he knows that yet.

0 (1h 20m 16s):
That was well said. And I'll add this, it doesn't really matter because he is already a hall of famer and he already won four titles and he is already a splash brother and he is iconic and this is You know sports careers usually don't end that great and there's a couple years at the end you don't feel awesome about, but that's how it goes.

8 (1h 20m 33s):
And the second thing to that, to add to that point, Joe Leg loves to win a distance. Second to that is a good photo lot. And if, and in two years, if it's it, it step a retired in two years, Joe Leg would much rather him, him see Steph Clay and Dre in that photo op than just Steph Curry and Dre Mob. So that might be the, that might be the, the what makes him pony up at the end of the day. Because Joe Leg, we've seen this time and time again, talks tough about not playing money and then ends up making Steve Kerr the highest paid coach of all time or ends up blowing a bag on Andrew Wiggins and, and Jordan Pool the week before the season when everybody told him not to do it. So we'll see what happens.

8 (1h 21m 14s):
It's gonna be a wild summer.

0 (1h 21m 16s):
Well, going back to 2019 there, the runaway favorite to win, the rank goes down, the ran comes back, the ran goes down, clay goes down, lose the finals, they go 15 and 50. Next year they lose two playing games in a row. The next year they win the finals. The next year they lose round two and this year they lose the playing. It is the weirdest six year stretch in the history of the league. I would put it against absolutely anything. It makes no sense. People are gonna study it 75 years from now and be like, wait, what happened? Logan Murdoch, you wrote about it for The Ringer, check it out, check out Logan on the real ones, on the Real on The, Ringer BA show, which we're gonna be doing some YouTube stuff so keep an eye on that too. Good to see you my friend.

8 (1h 21m 56s):
Good to see you man. Talk to you soon.

0 (1h 22m 0s):
All right, that's it for part one of the podcast, our big playoff extravaganza. Thanks to Rob Mahoney and Logan Murdock, thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru for producing as well. You can watch some clips and videos from this podcast on youtube.com/ Bill Simmons and I will see you on part two, which is going up pretty shortly after part one goes up. So stay tuned for part two. Chris Ryan, Sean Fantasy. Kevin Wildes, In Part two, see them

FanDuel (1h 22m 50s):
Must be 21 plus 18 plus DC and present in select states FanDuel offering Online Sports Wagering, Kansas Center Agreement with Kansas Star Casino LLC Gamble Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or visit FanDuel dot com slash RG in Colorado, DC, Iowa, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, Virginia, and Vermont. Call 100. Next step or text Next step to 5 3, 3 4 2 in Arizona. 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org/chat Connecticut 809 with it in Indiana, 805 2 2 4700. Or visit ks gambling help.com in Kansas, 8 7 7 7 7 0. Stop in Louisiana, MD gambling help.org in Maryland, 800 gamble.net in West Virginia, 805 2 2 4700 in Wyoming. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for 24 7. Support of Massachusetts or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.