0 (2s):
Coming up BS Podcast Hall of Famer, Chuck Klosterman. Next.

Netflix (6s):
This episode is brought to you by Netflix. They say, A gentleman always keeps his word, but I can't repeat any of the words that the weed dealing, gambling, murdering, aristocrats, say in the Gentleman. Guy Richie's first TV show ever. Only on Netflix, based on his award-winning film. The Gentleman series starts Theo James, my guy from White Lotus, and a whole new cast of criminal lords. And ladies slumming it in Britain's criminal underworld. Guns out. Pinky's up. Don't miss the Gentleman. Only on Netflix. March 7th.

State Farm (37s):
This episode is supported by a State farm. Your first reaction after an accident, probably a swear, your first reaction after you lease or buy a car and you get into it for the first time, probably just shear to delight. Really, the only words you need to remember are like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm has options to fit your unique insurance needs. Meaning you can talk to your agent to choose the coverage you need. Have coverage options to protect things you value most. File a claim right on the State Farm mobile app and even reach a real person when you need to talk to somebody like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Learn more@statefarm.com.

The Ringer Podcast Network (1m 10s):
We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where we put up a new re watchable on Monday night. It's the live show we did from New York City on Rounders. Also the Prestige TV podcast. I think I'm gonna be on there either this week or next week on Stick the Landing, which is Andy Greenwald's podcast about famous last episodes of a show we did The Larry Sanders show, one of my favorite shows ever. So that's either gonna be this week or next week. Keep an eye out for it. Also covering Show Gun on that podcast feed with Joanna and Rob. Everybody loves that show. We co, we covered it on The Ringer dot com as well.

0 (1m 42s):
Last but not least, I am on David Chang's live cooking show on Netflix today. By the time you hear this, it will already air, but you can watch it on Netflix, you can watch the replay of it. Can't wait to be on. I think that's a really good show. So that's all that is up with me. Alright. Chuck, Klosterman sports culture going in a bunch of directions. You know the drill at this point. It's our pro.

0 (2m 27s):
Alright, we're taping this Tuesday morning Pacific time. Chuck. Klosterman is here. It's been a while. Every once in a while I realize, oh man, a couple months have passed. We haven't talked to Chuck, and I just text you and then we start thinking of topics and now you're here.

2 (2m 41s):
You see when, when was the last time we spoke? I feel it was before Wembanyama was in the league, because I thought we had kind of a gentleman's bet over what he would average his first year scoring in the league,

0 (2m 53s):
And I believe and who's winning it.

2 (2m 55s):
I think you set the over under at 19.8 and I took the over, does that sound right? And

0 (3m 2s):
He's doing the over Yeah,

2 (3m 3s):
It, well listen. Or maybe you said at 21 and I took the over I know I took the over. I know, but you know,

0 (3m 9s):
He'll end up hitting the over at the end. Wait, have you been watching one Bama with your women relationship?

2 (3m 14s):
Well, I watch him when I get a chance to see him, of course. I mean, it's real interesting. It's strange in a way how they're using him in the sense that every time he seems to get the ball within 10 feet of the basket, he scores every single time. And that's a very small part of his game. Yeah. But maybe it's smart. Maybe they're taking him along in this way that they're going to sort of really let him sort of become as well-rounded as he would've become naturally if he was playing, say college or amateur for this period. I, what my prediction with this is next year he is going to have similar numbers to this year and in some ways will seem like the same player. But I feel like his third year he's going to have a massive season, like a, like a, a a statistical season that we probably have not seen in a, in a very long time.

2 (4m 8s):
And he will be the best player in the league for three or four years. But I think his career will be relatively short

0 (4m 14s):
Because of the history of super tall guys.

2 (4m 19s):
That's part of it. There's just a lot of things that could happen, I guess. And, and IIII, it's hard to imagine him playing for 17 years or something, but we'll see. You know, I, I shouldn't say that he may have a long career, but I think his, his dramatic peak is going to be about three or four seasons.

0 (4m 37s):
There's an Olympics piece with him this summer that I think is gonna be pretty great. And I think the Olympics in general is gonna be amazing for basketball. It's probably the most teams that could have a chance to beat each other once we get to like the quarterfinals. But the French team's gonna be good. The Canadian team's gonna be good. Our team's gonna be a little weird 'cause some of the old guys still wanna play. And it's pretty clear they should push the old guys out and really build around like some of the younger guys. So it's gonna be this little like what happened to the Women's World Cup team where you have some of the older players, like, I'm still here and it's like, I'm sorry, LeBron's not one of our five best players anymore. And just once he's there, you kind of feel like you have to play him.

0 (5m 17s):
Same thing for Durant. And I think that part's, watching how they navigate the old and new eras is gonna be fascinating to me. And then the French team's gonna be really fun.

2 (5m 27s):
You know, I I just, it's so funny you mention that a couple days ago my neighbor was texting me about the French Olympic basketball team and I was like, is this, I like, I assume this was some niche interest, but I guess maybe it's expanding maybe a lot. Like it's just, you know, but although this happened a couple years back, I remember with the Canadian team. Yeah. It was like Nash was coming, was taking over and Wiggins was there and there was all this stuff. And, and now it seems like they're no, that maybe these conversations are short and it's always like, you know, it's America and who else? And then, then we talk about another country for a while. Although we, you know, we'll, we'll just, we'll have to see.

0 (6m 1s):
Yeah. Well, and then there's gonna be the Yoic just him run running a team. Yes. Luca running a team. So you're gonna have the quarterfinals. I went in two th I've been really thinking about whether I wanna go this summer or not. Because when I went in 2012 and London, the quarterfinals were incredible because it was just four straight games and it was basically all the best players in the tournament were there. So in 2024 it's gonna be better 'cause we have more better players, we have more foreign players, like the whole thing. And I think that's gonna be one of the great basketball days. And it's interesting because we're headed toward this playoffs where, you know, the Celtics in Denver right now, the odds on that finals is only five to one un fandel, which is like that, that's like that, that means you're basically the prohibitive favorites to make it.

0 (6m 48s):
And I'm wondering like if this just becomes Boston and Denver in the playoffs, we have some fun storylines, but that's really where we're headed and it's not gonna be that fascinating. And then the Olympics will be more fascinating.

2 (6m 59s):
I think the West is gonna be very interesting. It does seem like Boston's the best position in the East, but tell me this, knowing what we know now and we look at the league as it is. Yeah. Would you say that the 1992 dream team is the biggest thing that happened to basketball in the last 50 years in terms of opening this game up in a global sense to where now four best players in the league are not from America. The, you know, the whatever number of the 10 top 10 guys are not American players. I mean that yeah, when the way that, that sort of changed the way the rest of the world looked at professional basketball, which I think they had been interested in almost like as a spectacle or an oddity. Look at these guys, you know, they all go to Barcelona and they, people are gawing at them, like they're Godzilla walking the streets or whatever.

2 (7m 45s):
But now I, I mean, if you had to, if they're really, if like, if we were gonna change the All Star game and it was like America against the world, I, I think it's pretty clear who has the better team.

0 (7m 55s):
Yeah. So p I've heard the dream team argument before. I think there's another piece of it because they started doing those overseas games, I think it was called like the McDonald's game, or they would play in Italy and they played in these different countries and that was when they started to realize what the celebrities of the players were abroad. Right. They didn't, they knew, but they didn't really know. It's not like we have all the same mechanisms we have now, but once those guys were overseas and being treated like rock stars in Italy or whatever country combined with the dream team, I think that was it. I still feel like Jordan's the biggest thing that's happened in the last 50 years.

2 (8m 29s):
Just his existence as a person. Not, not just how,

0 (8m 33s):
Yeah, him becoming basically Ali for basketball I think is the most important thing that happened because I think he brought the most fans into it. And if you remember, like even the dream team Magic had already retired. Bird was about to retire. None of the other guys were really that famous. It was really the, the fame of Jordan that levitated above everything. He pulled those other guys with them. Barkley came out that whole summer as like a guy. He just wasn't a guy like that before. But I, I just think them striking oil with MJ in all these different ways with the slam dunk contest, with the fact that the Bulls got good, they beat the Lakers in 91. And I think that was probably the catalyst. But

2 (9m 13s):
You're talking about a bunch of years there. Like Yeah, the thing about the dream team is that's like two weeks, right? That's like two weeks in one year that it, it all, it seems like all of, I mean there had been international players before of course, but it just, it it, there was almost like an exponential move after that in terms of the number of great international players that suddenly started appearing were like, I mean I just, you know, in 20 years what percentage of the NBA will be US born players?

0 (9m 42s):
You know,

2 (9m 42s):
50%, 50% or less.

0 (9m 45s):
Yeah, I think, right. I think right now it's like 75%, something like that. Which is so I'm

2 (9m 50s):
Thi

0 (9m 51s):
Lower.

2 (9m 52s):
Yeah, I would, I would guess 50% probably because it's just, it's an international game now and it's watching. I mean there really haven't been a huge number of players from China. And I think when that happens that, you know, I mean how many seven foot in people are in China right now? I I would, I would be curious what that number is, you know?

0 (10m 10s):
Yeah. It feels like this has been a 35 year kind of crawl to getting where we are now. It, it's funny, we're watching this happen a little bit with the UFC like Ara Ani was talking about in France. 'cause it was like basically MMA was banned in France for, you know, a while and then it was un banned and now there's like this explosion in France and you're seeing in MMA in all these different countries, these fighters are coming out. 'cause it's been around long enough to, to kind of impact these kids growing up being like, oh, I wanna do that. And I feel like that probably started in basketball with Jordan, you know, because think of the international players we had when we were growing up, but it was like, it was like Oscar, Oscar Schmidt

2 (10m 52s):
Lonas. Well, yeah, Oscar, Oscar Schmidt never played here, but

0 (10m 54s):
Saboni who we couldn't

2 (10m 55s):
Watch. Yes. Petrovic. Petrovic. Yeah. Let's see who else

0 (11m 2s):
It was Know Raja.

2 (11m 4s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

0 (11m 5s):
But there just wasn't that money. And then I think by the time we got into the mid two thousands, all of a sudden Argentina's beating America in the Olympics, you know, but

2 (11m 13s):
Like I remember, okay, so like when, when, when Oscar, Oscar Schmidt in Brazil beat the US in the PanAm games, you know, I remember watching that. I think Denny Cru was the US coach at the time. But even the assumption then was that okay, Schmidt might be the best player outside of America right now. He still probably couldn't play in the NBA. He looked heavy. He, it was, you know, the entire team was based around him shooting every shot. I remember his quote was like, some people are born to play the piano, most people are born to carry the piano. And he was talking about his teammates. So even then, when he was seen as the best international player outside of Saboni, who I think may have been injured at the time, the idea was that he probably couldn't be an NBA player. Certainly not an effective all star type player.

2 (11m 55s):
You know, that's not how it is now with these guys. I mean, you know. Right. I if if if somebody, if in just a completely blind test, if somebody said, okay, you can get the best international player from Europe right now, who's 19 or the best US born player who's 19, I think everyone would take the European player knowing nothing else. I mean the, I mean the best American player right now coming out is the kid from Colorado. Is that correct? Am I right about that? Yeah. So like I I, I don't, I don't feel confident that he's going to have a great career the way I feel confident about so many of these guys who come over and seem to immediately be suited to play, you know, and, and, and are only getting better, you know, as they,

0 (12m 36s):
This is a big discussion right now with the smarter people that are involved with the NBA. How do we fix what happened here? Because I think all the coaches and the feedback from the Steve Kerrs Bora, like all Popovich, all those guys, the people that Adam sober would ever listen to and have a conversation with, all them are saying how the American basketball players are coming in at a disadvantage compared to the foreign players. Because, and Kur talked about this recently because the way in the other countries how they have basketball, it's way less games. It's way more practice, it's skill stuff, it's individual work. and they care less about actually the competition of it. It's more about the fundamentals and just getting better.

0 (13m 17s):
And here it's all about the games and it's all about what AAU team are you on? What high school team are you on? If you don't like your high school team, just transfer another, you go to aau, you play like seven games on a weekend and nobody thinks this is good for basketball. And you look at where Cooper Flagg, I think is gonna, you know, he's, he's gonna be at Duke next year. He'll be the number one pick. And I've had people in my life who follow this shit tell me that they think he's one of the best high school basketball players ever. And that this is like the first guy that's coming to college in a while where they're like, holy shit, this guy has a chance to be great.

2 (13m 53s):
But, but that happened with Zion too.

0 (13m 55s):
So he's the last, but that Zion was sick and that's

2 (13m 57s):
Not that long ago.

0 (13m 58s):
Zion was six years ago though.

2 (14m 1s):
Sick. Wow. I guess that's true. So

0 (14m 3s):
Think about that. And then before that it was probably maybe Anthony Davis if you're just talking about American players. Sure. Yeah. And then, you know, Tatum looking back was a little more of a sure thing than I think we gave him credit for. He was always in the top of every of every class he was in in high school. He goes to Duke for a year, fundamentally, like, he's kind of the perfect package for the last 10 years. How it turned out pretty, pretty safe bet.

2 (14m 30s):
Yeah. Except when an made that move, people were like, I don't know about this. I mean, it wasn't, it wasn't overwhelming confidence in that it was not. Yes. You know, I mean I just, you know, you're talking about basketball, but it's almost everything. Like, there, there's very few things in America where if you're talking about the, it's the, it doesn't in sports, in culture, in technology and almost everything. Yeah. It's like if, if you're talking about what the future looks like, the way the, the American model that we've been using very rarely. Now that doesn't mean it's gonna necessarily work out that way. So I'm not, I'm not saying this is, you know, destined, I'm just saying the way it looks that the way that we are sort of putting together basketball talent seems to be considerably worse than the way it's being done in Europe.

2 (15m 18s):
Yeah.

0 (15m 19s):
And I think everybody knows it. It's interesting when there's a major problem and it just keeps going and nobody does anything about it. 'cause part of the problem, Gladwell and I talked about this a couple months ago in the pod, there's so much money in place for the whole youth sports infrastructure that all of these people who are basically either bad actors or people that are just there to profit off of these kids, like they're incentivized to keep the structure as it is. Right. You're, and I, I watch this with California soccer as I watch my, my daughter go through it. Like it's just these major clubs, they edge out all the smaller clubs. They, they try to turn into these like little mini corporations basically. And it's all about the games and selling the hope to your kid that your kid might get a D one scholarship.

0 (16m 3s):
Right. And that's what they do. And you pay and you pay extra and try to do it. It's, it seems like it's way less about, Hey, how does my kid learn how to be a good, good player and a teammate and how does my player get better at shit?

2 (16m 17s):
Okay. When you said that it's interesting when there's a problem and there's like no way to fix it or whatever, what are you saying is the problem here? The idea that in the future there will not be many American board basketball players or that there are American born basketball players who will not succeed because of the system we've put, we've built. What's the problem

0 (16m 33s):
That, that is the problem. Okay. The problem is that the latter,

2 (16m 36s):
Okay.

0 (16m 36s):
The stuff that they're learning from basically, I would say seventh grade on is this hopping around on different teams. The type of basketball is really rewards like the point guard or people who can shoot. So now you have all these big men that come in and it's, it's, they all wanna be Carl Anthony Towns. None of them wanna like post up and then just the concept,

2 (16m 59s):
Although the Winman doesn't wanna post up either. I mean, it just seems like that's true. The, the, the entire world seems to be moving on beyond that. I mean, except for the guy at Purdue, like Edneys, the last guy posting up in the world.

0 (17m 10s):
Right? Well then you see the Celtics and one of the biggest advantages they have this year is poor Zingus can post up and has this little like 12 foot game. So there's some sort of balance. But I just think the kids that are coming in now, they're just bouncing around on these different teams and that's kind of what they're learning and they're, they're learning like, if as long as I did well, it's okay, they don't, they don't even see the wins and losses. It doesn't really matter 'cause you're just on in the next game. And the, the, the p like the Bruce Brown type of style of how to play basketball, those guys end up being more outliers. Like, I'm just like some of the guys that Nick went after just like vi team really played well with each other and they're super close.

0 (17m 53s):
Let's get as many of these guys as possible. Like it was an actual strategy by them that seems to be working. And Bridges will be the next guy. He'll end up on the Knicks at some point, but probably, yeah, just sort of like, how do you sacrifice stuff? The Celtics are going through this now. One of, one of the reasons I'm becoming more optimistic about them is like they're, they're the main guys are really starting to sacrifice. And the the culture that we've created, I just don't think rewards sacrificing for the better of the team.

2 (18m 20s):
Well, I, I I suppose that's true. But you know, when we were gonna do this podcast, we're just gonna texting back and forth very kind of casually about what we might talk about. And you'd sort of mentioned in passing, it's really weird to you that you're more into women's college basketball now, the men's college basketball. And I totally understand that. Yeah. You're not the only person like that. I mean, it's, it's, it is incredible in some ways that the most famous college basketball player in the country is a woman. I, I would've never, I mean, when you think,

0 (18m 45s):
And it's not even

2 (18m 46s):
Close, not even really that close, you know, but you know, to me, the reason this has happened, I mean, dear couple, one is that the women's game has improved quite a bit. And we have this one kind of spectacular person who, you know, that's kind of a, kind of a game changing experience, but we've just professionalized college sports to the point where it just sort of seems like a JV version of the NBA at the, in basketball at least. Right. And you know, with, with on the women's side, that that difference is less dramatic. But like, you know, I, when when I watch a men's college basketball game now, it's just, it, it it's, it's, it's sort of alienating. I mean, when I think of the things in my life about sports that have changed in a disappointing way over time, and I don't mean like limb bias dying, I mean like, sort of like big kind of picture, the deterioration of college basketball is the biggest thing to me.

2 (19m 39s):
I mean, it's just the, the most disappointing thing. And, but you know, it's just like they've professionalized everything. I mean, what do you think of this idea to like, to stop cord storming, which is what people are talking about right now. Okay. What what is your opinion on that?

0 (19m 55s):
I can't believe it still happens because the NBA got rid of it in the, in the mid eighties after there, there was a couple moments where like players were in danger. Like in the end of the 88 finals, the Pistons still had the ball with three minutes, with three seconds left. And people were coming on the court when they were down three with the chance to potentially tie the game. So they just got rid of it. That was it. And it's weird to me that college just, you know, we've now had two, two people got hurt to me it's like pretty obvious. Get rid of it. I mean,

2 (20m 23s):
Two people got hurt, two people had incidents in their high profile people, and they're not gonna miss any time. Yeah. I mean, I'm not, I'm not a big like, you know, you know how I am. I like, I'm kind of anti fan to begin with. Like, I don't like sitting, I don't like sitting next to people who cheer. I don't like going to concerts where people stand up. I am sort of pretty aggressively anti fan, but this is absurd to me. Yeah. I mean the, the idea of storming the court in these situations, that is a wonderful thing about college sports. It's an amazing thing to see it, it happens a little too often now. I mean I do wish that the, that, you know, schools were a little more had a, were a little classier about what scenario? Necessity. So that,

0 (21m 2s):
That's the big issue issue

2 (21m 3s):
Though. But I think it's not that, I mean it's fucking, it's, that's not that fucking dangerous. You're already playing a sport. Like there's some danger involved. It's like we ha it's, but it's just, it's this professional, it's like we look at these people like they're professional athletes. It's like there's a and they're being paid. So I guess in some ways that they are. But I, I just, I don't, I, you know, I I see the, a lot of the coaches who are coming out today saying like, we gotta ban this or whatever. And it's like, well, yeah, if you're at Duke or Kansas or whatever, your kids aren't gonna storm the court. You're not gonna have a home game that you're not supposed to win. Yeah. But I mean, for these small programs, I just, I, it's, it's really, it kind of bumps me out that they would think that, oh, this is, this is too dangerous to, on the rare occasion when something Dr.

2 (21m 45s):
Legitimately dramatic happens that kids are gonna pour onto the court and because there's, you know, there, there, there is, yes, there is more risk. I mean, there, there, but what, what is of the, we've had two incidents this year, so that of course seems like a big deal. But how many times over the last five years have people stormed the court? What is the real risk?

0 (22m 8s):
I thought it was a couple times a week I

2 (22m 12s):
That some guy hurt so that someone storm, that someone storms the court.

0 (22m 17s):
Yeah. That someone storms the court

2 (22m 19s):
Happens quite a bit and we usually can seem to survive it. Right? I mean, do, are these kids not supposed to go to rock concerts? Are they not supposed to go to anywhere where there might be large crowds? Because I mean, they, they just, but you, you look at these people, you look at these kids now and there is so much money at stake. I don't really blame them at all. It's like they, they sort of have to, you know, well, I'm not gonna play in the Liberty Bowl or whatever. I gotta get ready for the draft, or I guess said that makes sense. But I, I think that this is part of the reason that college sports are changing in this way that is making somebody who is pretty interested in this stuff less interested. You know,

0 (22m 53s):
First of all, incredible zag by you. I have not heard a lot of pro court storming. I th and I thought you pulled it off. I don't, well,

2 (23m 1s):
It's not, it's dangerous, but it's not that dangerous. I mean,

0 (23m 4s):
I don't think it should be as frequent as it is. Yes. I'm also like, I I've been in court storm situations. 'cause it happened with the Celtics a couple times. It happened after, when I was there when we beat the Sixers in 1981. And it happened when we beat the Lakers in, in 1984 in game seven. And it's, and then in the 86. But it was kind of, the game was over at that point. But it's, it's pretty scary as it's happening now. Granted I was, I was smaller, so maybe I was a little worried about, you know, in, in 1981 I was 11.

2 (23m 36s):
Well, I mean, did you stay in your seat or did you go into the maillet?

0 (23m 40s):
No, I stayed in my seat. Oh. It also happened to me. and they

2 (23m 42s):
Came. Oh. And wait, you're saying it was just scary the people spilling down? Well,

0 (23m 45s):
The scariest was, I went to the triple overtime Sun Celtics game, the famous game. So after Halo check hit the shot at the end of double T everyone stormed the court. And I, I was legitimately scared. Now I was six. But it is really chaotic. Like people are coming, you feel for, for like five seconds. Like, oh, My God, what's happening? So if you're a player on the other team on the court, I do think it opens up a lot of stuff. Like at that triple OT game, the referee Richie Powers ended up getting punched and didn't didn't that. You're adding elements.

2 (24m 14s):
Wouldn't that game have ended at like 1130? Why were we a 6-year-old at the game at 1130? The game

0 (24m 20s):
Game started at the game started at nine o'clock. It was the latest I'd ever been up.

2 (24m 24s):
Well, okay, you

0 (24m 25s):
Knew this story. I've told you this story.

2 (24m 26s):
Well I know, I've, I've heard it. I'm just kind of putting the timeline together now. I mean, we

0 (24m 29s):
Got on at one o'clock. I was like, I thought it was amazing.

2 (24m 33s):
I'll concede that kids storming the court could be dangerous to a 6-year-old. That's well

0 (24m 37s):
That,

2 (24m 39s):
But yeah,

FanDuel (24m 41s):
Let's take a break 'cause I wanna talk about women's scholarships. Bet the NBA with a no sweat. Same game. Parley from FanDuel every Thursday with TNT Thursdays. Doesn't matter if you're new to FanDuel or already have an account, you'll get bonus Betts back if your same game. Parley doesn't win on any NBA on TNT game. NBA, same game. Parlay is the perfect way to goodbye and your Betts for a chance to score a bigger payday. What are the TT games? Oh, we got Warriors, Knicks and then heat nuggets. Alright, well heat's nugget heat nuggets. Just do the do 20 points and up on Yoki 10 points and up on his rebounds and assist and the nuggets to win. Throw that all together and see what happens. However you wanna play. Just head to FanDuel dot com slash bs to bet the NBA with a no sweat same game. Parley with TT thursdays FanDuel dot com slash bs. Make every moment more With, FanDuel and official sports betting partner. The NBA You must be 21 plus in President select state game problem Call one eight GAMBLER. Visit The Ringer dot com slash rg. Minimum three. Legg Parlay required refund issued is non withdraw. But bonus Betts, which expires seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions. Apply C terms at Sportsbook handle com.

Nissan (25m 56s):
This episode is brought to by Nissan SUV. It's good to stay up to date. I mean, we've seen this in basketball, we've seen it in football, we've seen it in baseball. Once the stats started taking off in the two thousands, everybody had to figure that out. Then I remember in basketball first it was three pointers, then it was defensive stats. You just gotta keep moving. You gotta keep evolving, you gotta keep going. Now it's pace and threes. What's it gonna be next Big guys? That's why the 2024 Nissan Rogue has Google built right into its 12.3 inch touchscreen infotainment system with Google Maps assistant and more. You can stay up to date on everything that's ahead without even needing to connect your phone. Find your next adventure with a Nissan SUV. Learn more about the rogue Pathfinder and armada suvs@nissanusa.com.

0 (26m 45s):
All right, so I texted you, and this is genuine. I care more about the women's college basketball and the tournament than I do about the men's. At this point in my life. I am the same person who, once upon a time I did not wanna watch women's college basketball. I did not like the product. I remember when Obama had to start doing men's and women's brackets. I was like, come on. Like, what are we doing? And a couple things changed with women's college basketball that the last few years, especially like that Final four that Friday, like I've gone out of my way to watch it now. I find myself following it during the regular season. And it's not just 'cause of Caitlyn Clark, who's the most fun college player, but LSU, South Carolina, Yukon Juju Watkins on USC, who was in the same class as my daughter.

0 (27m 35s):
And we were in the same LA school thing. She was so good as a kid that she wasn't allowed to play in like the elementary school games. And like, she just would sit 'em out. It was like she's the best, literally the best player in America at her class. So watching all these people plus the continuity of, oh, I, I know these Iowa kids, I watched a bunch of their games last year and most of them are back. And you know, Caitlin Clark, the fact that they can make money with the Nils, it actually makes more sense for her to stay in college as long as she possibly can. So there's continuity. The style of play is good. It's got a lot of the fundamental stuff that it used to have combined with the slashing kick in the threes. But the continuity, which mens is now, it's gone.

0 (28m 16s):
Like it doesn't exist. Cooper Flag's gonna go to Duke next year. He is gonna play for one year. He's gonna leave, he's gonna go to the NBA. But in women's college basketball, it actually makes sense to stay as long as possible. It's the, it's the highest profile sport you're gonna have. It's more high profile than w NBA. I'm really like genuinely excited for the, for the Women's tournament this year. So what, where do you stand on it and why do you think this is happening?

2 (28m 41s):
Well, I mean, I, I watch it now. I think everyone does it. It was the, the, the final four last year was very interesting when there was just suddenly everybody I knew who liked basketball was like simultaneously into this. And, and, and, and, and there was, there was not really a bandwagon feel to it. It was like, this is great. This is really entertaining. Yeah. Now, okay, my question for you, I guess is do you think that like you're gonna now follow some of these people who you've kind of become engaged with into the w NBA? Or do you think I will

0 (29m 12s):
No, I'm gonna follow Caden Clark. Like I, to me, I I think she has a chance to be the most fun basketball player, male or female. When we get to the pros, if she's just gonna make 30 footers routinely, like it's basically all the same curry stuff, just with a female. But it's, it's all the same things I love about watching Curry and how they play off teammates and the dribble handoff. She's also a good passer, but I just like watching her play. I would like watching her play in any format.

2 (29m 40s):
One thing that I sometimes think is, okay, so like in 1979 when it was the Indiana State, Michigan State national title, biggest rating of a college basketball, of any basketball game ever. Okay. And then for about 10 years, college basketball was still slightly more popular than the NBA. And then that changed. I wonder yeah, if last year's Final Four for women was the equivalent of that Final Four, which is that it was this, you know, widely watched thing that people were really involved with. And maybe it'll be 10 years now before the W NBA becomes as popular or more popular than

0 (30m 19s):
Women's. Right. So we have, we have a window right now where it makes more sense to stay in college, but it won't in 10 years. And

2 (30m 25s):
There's just a lag situation. Sometimes I wonder if there's going to be like a, a similar account like 10 year lag where the last year's Women's Final Four was this, you know, maybe, you know, I'm sure the highest rated women's college basketball game ever. You know, and that then for 10 years, it'll seem as though women's college basketball is still considerably a like a much bigger deal than the w NBA. And then maybe 10 years in it'll start to sort of equalize. And then the w NBA will end up becoming the dominant thing in the same way that this happened with men's basketball, where college basketball was more popular. And then eventually really it was kind of like post magic and Bird in the NBA that, that they became that, that the league became so much more dominant than the college game.

0 (31m 14s):
Yeah. All right. So here's the case against that with the colleges and the infrastructure of the coaches who now have replaced the men's coaches as like the, the, I would say Gino and Mulky are more famous than, would you say any men's coach at this point? Other than Kyle Perry?

2 (31m 32s):
Oh, but Tom izo. Tom izo. Okay.

0 (31m 36s):
So is that the top four? I have more people, have people had more conversations in the last five years about Gino and Moki or Tom Izzo?

2 (31m 47s):
Oh, well, Michigan State's been down a bit. I don't know. I just, he just seems still real famous to me. I mean, Rick Pitino still coaches. I mean, it's like, I I, you know, granted St. John's is not really in the news. I don't know. Th they're, they, they're all pretty famous. I guess it would be hard for me to say who actually is the most

0 (32m 3s):
Famous. But you have, you have the, the colleges themselves. You have people staying there for a few years. I guess that the case for college basketball for the women's side continuing to be the same. Is that how, what's the ceiling of the w NBA as a league? When ca and we're gonna know with Caitlyn Clark, if she can come in and flip it where she's in actual attraction, like she's been in women's college, then that's gonna lift the whole league. And then now, now we're in trouble probably with women's college basketball. Oh. But I don't know if that's gonna happen. 'cause she's gonna be competing against the best NBA players, you know, at least for the first part of the season.

2 (32m 43s):
My argument is sort of that the, the problem, one of the problems with men's college basketball knowledge, it's not differentiated enough from the NBA. Whereas it seems on the women's side, there's still differentiation. Like, like watching these women's college basketball, it feels like you're watching college sports. To me it has, it has that feeling that that which is the desirable feeling that people who like college sports want. Where when I'm watching men's college basketball, it doesn't often, it doesn't often seem that way. It doesn't,

0 (33m 12s):
It feels like a way worse version of the NBA. It's like all, all the same kind of shot selection, but just done by guys that aren't as good.

2 (33m 19s):
And, and you, you know, it's, you know, like, like team like Alabama or whatever, it's kind of fun watching them. But it's like, that's an all new team. It's like all new guys. It's like every, and, and, and, and you know, like, like Grant Nelson wasn't there last year. Now he's one of their best players. It's like every, you, you, you watch a team and it's like, well what, what relationship am I gonna have with this team? Like, is it, is it gonna be completely reinvented in a year? And it's, and and that, that is less fun. I mean, you know, it's, i I it's, it's troubling. Yeah.

0 (33m 51s):
I think the point you made about this is like you being the most bummed out that college basketball doesn't matter the way it did. It's hard to explain to somebody under like age 30 how important college basketball was compared to all the other sports. It's basically like how people feel about college football now, I would say they felt that way about college basketball. It was probably more important than the NBA up until Jordan started winning titles. Yes. I think at least in the eighties, all the way through the late inner shot, I think I cared about, I just from a anecdotal standpoint, from people in my life, what we talked about, I had much more trouble finding people to talk about the NBA with, in college basketball, everyone cared about college basketball.

0 (34m 35s):
Yes. And then something shifted as the last 30 years went. I don't know if that ever comes back. I know. I just don't see a

2 (34m 41s):
Path for it. Oh, no way. I mean, and, and you know, you say describing it to someone under 30, but it's kind of like, it's trying to describe college sports to somebody from Europe. Like they're very baffled by this all. It's like, I remember just, you know, when I was over in Germany living briefly, it's like, it was just very difficult to describe to people why college sports exist at all. It's like, it's really a very, an American thing. It's not something that's in a lot of different countries. And now, you know, it's like, I mean, are they, I mean, they're not amateur athletes now. They're getting paid. I mean, it's weird how all this NIL stuff, how fast that went. I mean, from initially like, well, somebody like team Tim Tebow or somebody like Johnny Manzel, they earned so much money for these institutions.

2 (35m 25s):
They should be able to benefit. Now it's like, you know, a school in Arkansas asking their boosters like, Hey, we gotta get some new linebackers. Like, whatcha gonna give us for that? Speaking of which, just, did you watch the Johnny Manzel interview with Shannon Sharp?

0 (35m 44s):
I did not watch it. I read some of the transcript highlights. What stuck out to you?

2 (35m 48s):
Well, okay, there was one part in particular that I just think it's, it just, it's really illustrates how like just the world has completely changed in a short period of time. So Manzel is there for two years and he is gonna go to the NFL. So then apparently man's father went to Kevin Sumlin, the coach at Texas a m and says, Hey, if you give us $3 million in cash stay the last two years. And apparently Kevin Sumlin kinda like scoffed at him. But in the conversation between Manzel and Shannon Sharp, they're almost like, can you believe this fucking idiot?

2 (36m 28s):
What a jackass we, all we needed was $3 million. And he acted like, and then he goes like, he was the same thing when, you know, cliff k Kingsberry wanted to be the highest paid offensive coordinator. He just kind of scoff. And it was like, in my mind, this reflects well on Sumlin. That that's ha you know, but it's presented as this idiot did not care enough about the team of Johnny Manzel to find $3 million, which is nothing to like, for him to play two more years. And it's like, I just, everything is reversed. So then I started wondering, so are we supposed to now rethink the period of college sports when it was illegal to do this and no longer see anything wrong with the teams that were paying players?

2 (37m 15s):
Because it's not like, you know, they always go like everyone was doing it. Not everyone was doing it. That's not true. There were a lot of programs that weren't, I mean like, you know, I know he's kind of a troubling figure historically, but you know, like, like Bobby Knight Su, he was super angry at Steve Elford for posing for a charity calendar. Right. That cost them one game or whatever. He'd bring it up like years later. Like, you fucking cost us that game, Alfred, or whatever that calendar. It's like the, the players were terrified of him. There was no way they were gonna take money. Now there's, it's different of course, when a guy's already at school and someone starts paying them. I think that kind of happened like in Miami and stuff like that in Oklahoma.

2 (37m 55s):
But the idea of that there were some schools who were giving kids money to get them to go there. I mean, like, you know, SMU gave Eric Dickerson a car to get 'em, or maybe, or

0 (38m 6s):
We did the, we did Pony Express, we did the

2 (38m 9s):
Third 30 by it. Or was it that or that Baylor gave him a car and then he went to SMU anyways. But regardless, it's like, are we supposed to now look back and sort of think that all the schools that were playing players were actually like morally correct. That they were supposed to be doing that? Yeah. And that the schools who weren't playing players, the schools who were playing at the time above board, are they actually the illegitimate ones? Is that how it's supposed?

0 (38m 36s):
So coincidentally, I just watched Blue Chips because it was on, and I was doing emails. I needed something to watch. I'm like, oh, I'll put Blue Chips on. Because it had just started on one of the cable channels. It's such a fascinating movie. As the years passed with what the, what the concept of the movie was, which was basically Pee the Nick Nolte character. And he's like, he's, he's effectively Bobby Knight, but he is like, I can't compete with all this money that's in college basketball anymore. He's gonna lose his job. And there's the one booster played by JT Walsh and he is kind of like, I'm gonna look the other way. You do what you need to do. And all of a sudden, JT Walsh works his magic. They have this awesome team, and NTI in the end feels like he's completely sold out.

0 (39m 20s):
He sold out the kids and he's done. He is not gonna do it. This movie, I think was 1993 or 1994. So 1993 maybe. 'cause Shaq and Penny are in it. It's like, it saw all of this coming. And I, I, I actually think it's a better movie than maybe we realized at the time for the things that it was trying to tell us, because we knew all of it, but we were kind of at the same time like, Hey man, as long as, you know, it was like, it was like the line for all of us was Jerry Tarkanian. Hmm. Like,

2 (39m 48s):
Yeah,

0 (39m 49s):
Well, don't do what he does. But for the most part, like yeah, like they always said with UCLA with John Wooden in the sixties, seventies, like they, you know, everybody got taken care of and he kind of looked the other way

2 (40m 1s):
Or that, that Yes. It just don't, he didn't wanna know anything about it.

0 (40m 4s):
Don't tell me

2 (40m 4s):
As long. Yes. You know, and there was probably, you know, I I I'm not like saying like, like this was a rare, I'm sure it was common, but it wasn't, it wasn't unilateral. It wasn't every school. And I, it's just, it's strange how when something completely reverses, like it's, is this a complete reversal from the idea that the worst thing you can do is a pay a kid to go to your college to play sports? Yeah. It's cheating to now that if you don't do it, you're not, you don't really care. And you're in fact exploiting the kid that, that, that if a kid were to only get a full ride scholarship, that that somehow is a, or like a, like a, a completely unfair transaction, which is just, you know, that's, and I don't, I mean the, the kid's gotta do what they can.

2 (40m 50s):
They gotta make as much money as they can. I understand that. Yeah. You can't expect, or you can't say to a college kid, it's like, well, you know, for the good of the sport and for the, for the future of this enterprise, it would be better if you didn't take as much money as you can. Of course anyone's gonna take as much money as they can. But this is, this is damaging over time. Like, it's not good. Like, like I don't think that there's anybody who cares about the actual sport, you know, college football, college basketball, whatever, who thinks that this is actually good. They're all like, all these conference realignments and the idea of Cal being in the a CC or whatever, you know, I don't think there's anybody who's like, well that's actually, that's that'll be good for the sport.

2 (41m 33s):
And or it's like, it's gonna be bad for it. You know? And we just sort of have to accept it. I mean, I, I, I'm, I'm not like,

0 (41m 40s):
Well think about how that's changed since the sixties where Kareem goes to UCLA and not only is he the best player in college basketball, but probably one of like the 12 or 13 best basketball players already. And he can't play as a freshman because they have these rules. You're not allowed to play to freshman. They changed that. They used to ch they used to have the rule that some of the guys fought in the seventies about you have to stay in college three years until you're 21. Yeah. So that changed. But then for the most part it became a, eh, wink wink. We kind of knew who was cheating. We kind of knew who wasn't. All of a sudden the new freshman star on some team would have braces. I always thought were a big tell, like, oh, I've just randomly decided to get braces now at age 18.

0 (42m 23s):
Like you, you just kind of knew shit was going on and we kind of knew who the teams were and then stuff would come out after. But now I don't, I don't think anyone would care in the same way. To me, it reminds me of how we really cared about performance enhancing drugs in the nineties and two thousands. And now I don't think we do. And I, I think pe I think the leagues look the other way. I I think a lot of shit is still going on and I don't think people care anymore.

2 (42m 49s):
There does seem to be sort of this shift that the progressive viewpoint is to not ever sort of penalize the action of the athlete. Right. When you say that, that like hundred percent that, that, that, that, that, that's just, you know, that, that if you're gonna set these things up in like oppressor and oppressed, it's like the athlete is oppressed no matter what the situation is. And that we're just, you just, it's like, it's the modern way of thinking. It's like, it's a more modern way of understanding. And I, so I can't really say it's necessarily bad. It's just different. It seems strange though, you know,

0 (43m 29s):
Well let's say, let's pick, pick any top a player and that person's in a PED scandal in the NBA and it comes out that they did PDs and they did the, what's that? The EPO, the one that allows you to have more endurance. And it was just, oh, My God. This person was, there's all these emails and this person was definitely cheating for the last couple years. What would happen?

2 (43m 55s):
Well, I, there's, there's, there's two versions here. One is almost anybody else, and then one is LeBron. If it's LeBron, it's a huge deal. It's a huge deal for a whole bunch of reasons because of, of just the, the role he's played in the league, his longevity over time, all of these things. The fact that that he, you know, is in, in the same way that, you know, with Jordan at one point where it seemed like, like LeBron has power that's not that far from the commissioner. Yeah. Like they're, you know, so if that, if, if it were, if it were him, that would be one thing. If it were almost anyone else, I think it would just be four or five days of conversation.

2 (44m 41s):
And then if the player later in his career played in the championship series, that would come up again. But it would not, you know, it would not be that big of a deal. It wouldn't, it certainly wouldn't be like a, certainly not career ending, but even like reputation destroying, you know, what

0 (44m 58s):
If it happened in, what if it happened in tennis? What if it turned out either a player that we just had that won a bunch of titles or a player that's on the rise now was doing EPO and that's why they're playing these five hour matches. 'cause they're all cheating. Which some people seem to think anyway, Like, what if the drugs are better? Yeah. And the detection, the detection for those drugs is harder than ever. And the people are way better at cheating. And we just have no idea. I find it hard to believe that people were doing performance enhancing stuff in the sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, and two thousands. And now it's just stopped. Even though the drugs are better, even though we, they're way more focused.

0 (45m 42s):
Like think about microdosing with mushrooms, like how, how much better microdosing has gotten just in the last 10 years. So you're saying PDs wouldn't be getting better in 2024, that there's no way some of these guys aren't doing some of that stuff. But I, I just wonder if anyone would care.

2 (45m 57s):
Yeah, I mean, I, I think that there's probably a, an unspoken chunk of sports fans who are like, I, I kind of like PDs. Like I actually like them. You know, I mean this is definitely true, like in track and field that, that there are, as a percentage of people, maybe a large percentage of people who are, if they're interested in track, they're like, I wanna see how fast these guys can run.

0 (46m 19s):
Right.

2 (46m 20s):
I I, I, I want, I, I'm interested to see a number on the clock that blows my mind. And I don't really care how it gets there. And I mean, I'll just admit I'm one of these people, like, like I, I, I follow track probably more than the average person, which is still not a ton. But like, I, I would like to see the fastest times the highest heights possible. And I'm not super concerned over how that is achieved. Because to me that seems to be something like this is just in a, in a sport. Like, you know, I mean I I, as I've mentioned this before, like I'm always kind of interested like in, in track and I'm always kind of interested in boxing because it's like really like the distillation of fight or flight.

2 (46m 60s):
It's like who can, who would be best suited to run away from someone who would be best suited to fight someone? You know? And I kinda like the idea of, of seeing people really sort of push the limits of what health and science together can do.

0 (47m 17s):
But the problem is MMA and boxing are the two that they still have to regulate. 'cause you can really, I mean, that's one, you are not getting hurt in a basketball game playing against somebody who's a little juiced up. But I think MMA is a little, little different. It's, there's a couple sports

2 (47m 32s):
Now. I mean, but it's, but also isn't like you're in MMA, right? Right. Like you're, you are, you're entering something in, you're

0 (47m 39s):
Not in a book club.

2 (47m 40s):
Well, it's beyond that. I mean, you, you are entering a, like a, like a combat sport where the intention is to knock the other person unconscious. I mean, you're, you're, you're going into it knowing that Yeah. Like, so, so it, it's, I i, it's, it's hard for me to be like, ah, geez, we gotta, we gotta be careful here. Like sure, this guy's getting punched in the H face 15 times. Yeah. But just think of the foot pounds was slightly hard. It's like, it's, he's taking the risk. Like I, I, I think that, I mean if, if it'd be pretty weird for me to be like, you know, it's okay to storm the court, but I'd be like, oh, but we've gotta make, we gotta protect these guys who're court Stormer. Yes. Who have entered basically, like, they have taken, they're, they're, they're, they're consciously doing something where they're going to get hit in the face many, many, many, many times for many, many years.

2 (48m 29s):
You know? Yeah. It's like, you know, you

0 (48m 31s):
Be aware, man, you know what's, what's a big sport right now for the limits is golf. 'cause the, the clubs and the balls have almost gotten too good. And especially the balls. I think they're gonna have to walk back some of the golf ball stuff because these balls are just like, you know, they're like, basically the juice baseballs in the 1999 home run derby and then tennis. I still play tennis every, like two years. The rackets are just way better. Like, it, it's almost impossible if you have a nice racket. Now, if, if you hit the ball pretty square almost square. It's gonna be like exactly the shot that you wanted to hit, where it's like, if you use the racket from one of those slayer rackets from 1980 or something, it's like there was so much skill involved.

0 (49m 15s):
No, there's a, I remember

2 (49m 16s):
Mc, Sean McEnroe used to always be like, did she go back to wood rackets? It would, it would be a, it would be a better sport, you know, and, and it probably would be. But, you know,

0 (49m 24s):
Let's take a break.

State Farm (49m 29s):
This episode is supported by a State Farm. Your first reaction after an accident, probably a swear. Your first reaction after you lease or buy a car and you get into it for the first time, probably just shear to delight. Really, the only words you need to remember are like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm has options to fit your unique insurance needs. Meaning you can talk to your agent to choose the coverage you need. Have coverage options to protect things you value most. File a claim right on the State Farm mobile app, and even reach a real person when you need to talk to somebody like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Learn more@statefarm.com.

Michelob ULTRA (50m 2s):
This episode is brought to you by MLO Bal Ultra, the official beer partner of the NBA. I love the NBA when game day comes around. Win or lose. This is the beer you want. Michelob Bal Ultra My go-to right now because I'm a lay beer guy. Sorry. Hate to break it to you. You know, I'll mess around with some other ones, but for the most part, really ever since college, I've been a light beer guy. Mic Ultra. Not only does it taste great, 95 calories crisp and refreshing. Put it in your fridge. Watch how people just grab it. All of a sudden they're gone. I also like Minlow Ultra because they're getting fans closer to the game right now than ever before with exclusive NBA prizes and experiences like sign memorabilia and courtside seats. And to free your chance to win at mic belcher.com/courtside LDA 21 and up.

0 (50m 52s):
Alright, Taylor Swift, I have to ask you, as somebody who has written a lot about celebrity and fame over the years, is this the most famous person, singer, actor, athlete, athlete that we've had since Michael Jackson?

2 (51m 13s):
Well, she's more famous than Michael Jackson.

0 (51m 17s):
Okay, let's start there.

2 (51m 19s):
I've had this conversation with several people, and the question is, could the Beatles have sold out six nights at Shea Stadium, the way she sold out all those nights at Sophie? Now this is, this is now, the Beatles stopped touring in 1966. So let's say, and the, and part of the reason that Taylor Swift is in this position is because their career is so long now that there are many people at the shows who have never lived when she wasn't putting music out like it has existed this whole time. the Beatles, you know, they stopped in 66, let's say they had kept going. So let's say it's 1969 and the Beatles are trying to do the largest American tour possible.

2 (52m 2s):
Could they have sold out these places for as many nights as she has? Now? Granted, the ticket at that time would be $6 and 50 cents, probably, maybe less, maybe $4 and 50 cents. So it's possible that they could have done it. But there again, that's four people putting together what still has kind of stood up to be the greatest music ever built within a genre, like within the rock pop genre. Yeah. They've done the best. So Taylor Swift an individual, and I, I, I don't, I, I don't think that there has ever, now I I, I don't know how, if she will have, say the international reach that Michael Jackson had.

2 (52m 44s):
Like, I don't know how famous Taylor Swift is in,

0 (52m 48s):
I think she's pretty famous everywhere. pr

2 (52m 49s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, like, but it, it, but Michael Jackson was, sometimes people have said they would go to a different country and Michael Jackson was literally the only American they'd ever heard of. Like, you know, there, there was like, they didn't know the, they didn't know Ronald Reagan was, it was 1985, or they had never, they, you know, but they knew Michael. So like, I mean, Taylor, okay, and here's, I mean, so I don't really do journalism much anymore. I don't really write columns or essays that much outside of books. Taylor Swift actually makes me miss that because just kind of watching her gives me just almost limitless thoughts about the world. Not all positive, but many. Like, here's one, here's the big thing I was thinking about First thing.

2 (53m 29s):
So how is she so massive? How is she so colossal? Well, to me, the key seems to be that she has almost completely saturated both the, the youth market, the consumers of pop, you know, as teenagers, but also like their moms and their parents, right? She's this popular among 60-year-old, 50-year-old people, especially women as she is with 13 or 14-year-old. And I was like, well, this is really the kink. Okay. But then I thought of something else. Okay, so first that seemed real remarkable to me, like, you know, then I was like, okay, let's say, let's say it was 1905. Okay, what was entertainment in 1905?

0 (54m 12s):
It was like musicals.

2 (54m 14s):
Well, maybe the circus comes to town. Whole family goes to the circus. Yeah. Oh, they're gonna, they're gonna have a rodeo in town. Oh, let's all go. Maybe our brother's gonna ride. You know, it's like, oh, there's a, a dance. There's a dance, and there's gonna be a Jug band playing. We're gonna bring the whole family. The kids will play to the side. Mom and dad will die. Okay. So now it's, let's say it's 1940. Okay, well, what is entertainment? Well, there's the radio, which is the middle of the house. You only have one. You all listen to the same thing all day. You go to the Biju, right? It's every kind of film there is. It's a cartoon, then it's a news reel, then it's a serial, then it's the actual whatever feature presentation. So the whole family goes together. I'm starting to wonder if maybe 1945 to the end of the 20th century century is actually the one blip where there is a chasm between what young people listen to and what adults listen to, and what adults care about, and what kids care about and what the entertainment is for both.

2 (55m 13s):
And that she's like the first person to really capitalize on this. Not just not because of anything she did, but just kind the way thing worked out. I think that like when, like the invention,

0 (55m 23s):
Wait, so you wouldn't say thriller, thriller hit everybody.

2 (55m 27s):
I mean, I'll tell you what, I bet you, you probably did not find a lot of, of 55-year-old moms being like, oh gosh, I love thrillers so much, and Van Halen's guitar solo. That's fair or beat. It is incredible. It's like, it's like that was, there was still a gap, right? Yeah. I mean, it, it when, okay, so you, when, how old were you when Thriller came out?

0 (55m 47s):
I was eighth grade.

2 (55m 49s):
Did you buy it?

0 (55m 50s):
Of course.

2 (55m 51s):
Did your dad like it? Your mom like it? That wasn't the way it fucking was, man. Yeah, yeah, you're right. You was, no, there was nothing I liked in the eighties that my parents liked except sports. That was the one thing. And that's maybe, and, and, and I think that, that for a, that's a big reason why sports in the late twenties

0 (56m 8s):
There weren were some TV shows. You didn't have like everyone, like Cheers, everyone liked with us.

2 (56m 12s):
Oh. yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. There were, there were, there were, there were things that the whole family would watch, but yeah, that they were like, those were kind of exceptions and you know, they, they were called family entertainment, so they were almost consciously made to do it. Yeah. It's like, you don't, you don't think of a pop star building themselves as like family entertainment, you know? And it's like, you don't think of them thinking like, but, but they kind of do now. And I'm just starting, I I just, I I, I'm curious if maybe that we always kind of grew up in a world where we assumed that there was just this built in kind of generation gap that what somebody liked and what their parents liked are automatically at odds.

2 (56m 56s):
But I wonder if we were living through the period where this is where, that was the only time that's ever gonna happen, and that moving forward now, because you see this all the time, like there's so many, I take my kids to a lot of movies, right? I talk the kids movies. There's just, you know, used to be, I would guess, I mean, I never really went to 'em growing up, but I would guess it'd be a few Disney movies a year, you know, and a few, you know, the Apple dumpling gang or whatever. But for the most part, it's like if you took your kid to a lot of movies, you would have to take them to adult movies. I mean, like, my wife was just talking, said like her parents took her to see do the Right Thing in the theater. And so she would've been like, I, you know, she's born 78 or whatever. So it's like, she was like, but they just were going to this, or like, you know, we're going on mo.

0 (57m 38s):
I had a lot of those. Yeah,

2 (57m 39s):
Yeah. Now my kids could go to a movie every other week and never really see an adult movie. They could watch TV every night and never see any adult programming. You know, it's, it's set up for that, you know, and I'm kind of, I kind of go along with this too, because I'm in the same room with them and I'm watching, you know, we're having the same experiences together. And if, if, if they do watch something, you know, it's like, you know, you know, like my son's getting into action movies or whatever. Like I watch them with him. It's not like something he's doing separately, you know? So Taylor Swift makes me think that part of her sort of her just her, her, her kind of supernova massiveness is the end of the idea that Taylor Swift would only be music for young people.

2 (58m 27s):
That she is music for all people, you know, she's 33 or 34. She kind of, kind of acts like a teenager in a lot of ways. Like she does, she's a lot, like, she seems to sort of have the, the sort of worldview of someone younger than herself. She has sort of the business sense of somebody who's older. It's like kind of this built in thing. It's, it, it, it's, it's interesting to me. I just, I I, that that was the thing I was just thinking about. It was like, maybe, maybe that the idea that there is a gap between kids and their parents and their grandparents and all that. Like, we just happened to live through the one time in human history where that's gonna be the case. Because obviously if you go back even further, like if we go back to like, you know, who's drawing on the cave or we're all watching, you know, it's like there was no, there was no teenager, you know, in the ice age.

2 (59m 15s):
You know,

0 (59m 17s):
It's so hard to stay as relevant as she stayed. I mean, you've written about this a bunch. We've talked about it a bunch, but like, the arc of when somebody's at their peak musically, and it could be four years, it could be five years. Sometimes they can get to like 10, 12 years. But, you know, it's like my daughter is 18 and a half and Taylor Swift to been making music her entire life. So that, and she's more famous now than any other point in my daughter's life. So there's that. There's also like, and I, I don't know whether this was intentional or semi intentional or how it played out, but there's been a couple points in her life when she did things that just resonate with people.

0 (59m 58s):
And I, I think it was intentional, but I don't know. But like, the fact that she redid all her songs because somebody else owned her music and she said, you know what? I'm gonna just remake these albums and do my version of them and sell them. And people are like, that's fucking cool. Awesome. You took ownership of your stuff. She had the, the 2009 thing with Kanye and then the 2016 thing with Kanye and Kim Kardashian, where she took a lot of shit, right? And it's like, that's the kind of thing that we've watched celebrities, they can go sideways after that when they're made to look bad or they're embarrassed and it could kind of spin them the wrong way. And instead it like gave her, seemed like it gave her strength and made her stronger and even more competitive.

0 (1h 0m 40s):
So you have that piece, and then she's figured out how to keep reinventing herself in these subtle ways. And all of them have worked, which I don't really remember seeing before. You know, like even you think like when Michael Jackson was trying to do that, and it would just get weird. He did that weird mic, the Michael Jordan Magic Johnson video. What was that video? Remember the time? And we're like, oh, this is awful. Why'd you do this? We've seen so many celebrities, just U2 is famous for this, right? They're like, oh, it's time to zag. and they would zag, and half the time the zag would be terrible. And every time she's zagged, it's been the right move. Even like this Travis Kelsey relationship, I, I don't know if it was intentional, semi intentional, not intentional at all, but her dating a famous NFL star was like, just a fantastic career move.

0 (1h 1m 29s):
So when you're saying how she, in some point she seems like she's arrested. Like when, at the point she became famous, which people always talk about like, she seems younger than she is. She's in her mid thirties now in some ways, but in other ways, she seems like a fucking genius and had to have a career. And the most, most interesting thing to me about all this is everyone is afraid to make fun of her. I've never seen a celebrity before where it's like, Hey, Beyonce had it too. And there's been a couple, but not like this where like SNL doesn't go after her.

2 (1h 2m 0s):
Yeah. That, that's, I mean, okay, she's brilliant. Her music is great. She's a generational talent. Her fan base is not particularly discerning in a, in a way. I mean, it's like they, they, you know, it, it it's, it's hard to even to to, to almost construct what would be like the fatal mistake for her. Like what, what, what, what she would have to do that would cause her fan base to be like, no, we, we, we, we hate that. I mean, it's like they, I I, I don't see, I just can't see that happening. I mean,

0 (1h 2m 40s):
It would al almost have to be like a leaked, a leaked video of her talking about her fans and just shitting on them in some way that wouldn't be enough. Where she didn't realize she'd be taping.

2 (1h 2m 49s):
Wouldn't, nope, that wouldn't be enough. That would not do it. Because what most of her fan base would be like, that's true about the other people. They would, they would. Absolutely. It would have to be something. I mean, it would, it would have to be something like, oh, it would have to be political. It would have to be that, that, you know, that that it, it would have to be something involving Trump

0 (1h 3m 13s):
Probably. Well, do you buy this whole thing that Trump is, is literally afraid of her getting involved in the election in some way, and that she could swing it. I, I mean, think about that. What other artist or athlete would we have ever said that about over the last 40 years? That somebody, a celebrity could come in and actually nudge an election?

2 (1h 3m 30s):
Well, yeah, because she could, she could definitely juice turnout. I mean, because right now Biden is in a situation where I think that there is concern from his camp about people who, you know, are 18 to 25 pe some people who, you know, really don't even have a memory of 2016 or whatever that, that they look at these people who see him and, and they, you know, they think to themselves, it's like, oh, he's very old and he, he doesn't support Palestine enough or whatever. So we're just gonna sort of back off this. I think that Taylor Swift could say, you know, it's like, you've gotta vote in this election, and if you don't vote in this election, there's something wrong with you. Then they would vote and they would just sort of reflexively vote for a Democrat, because that's kind of what the reflexive vote of a young person is.

0 (1h 4m 16s):
But she's also too smart to do that because she's not gonna disenfranchise anyone who might be a fan of hers. So that, that's why if she actually does it, I'd be surprised because,

2 (1h 4m 26s):
But, but see, I, what do you, but we know what her political views are. I mean, that's why there's, so like, okay, there was this thing for a while when, okay, so there were these republicans who were upset about the relationship between, you know, Swift and Kelsey. Okay. And then their, their response was like, this is, you know, you know, it's, it's a, a young female pop star, you know, embracing her football hero boyfriend, you know, this is coded as, you know, classically conservative, but it's not coded as classically conservative because we're, we know their views. Yeah. Like, this is what the thing, people get confused about signifiers and coding things that are coded as conservative or liberal, or signify conservative or liberal.

2 (1h 5m 9s):
These are things where we dunno what the actual answer is. So we just sort of use the image and we use sort of the cliche, but we know what her political position is. We know what his political position is. So, I mean, that's, that's why, you know, it wasn't as though they were like kind of, you know, that, that these conservatives said about this were, were, you know, kind of contradicting themselves, but they were attacking somebody as a really high profile, left-leaning people, you know, I mean, they really, her relationship with Kelsey is like, who I, who I part of me thinks, you know, it's like when you look at her life, I wonder if he is the closest to a normal person she's ever been with.

2 (1h 5m 54s):
Like, he eats real food. Like, you know, like he looks at Twitter, but not constantly, maybe four times a day. You know, he could describe what the inside of a McDonald's looks like. Right. You know, it's like all the, like, I, I don't, I think it, for her, it must be like, you know, I, I I'm, it's like I'm getting a coal miner or something. This person who's like the saltier, like, I think that her life is so separated from culture that she sees him as, you know, even though he's like this, this very famous atypical football hero. Like he's unlike other pro football players in almost every way. He has clearly aspirations to be an entertainment. All these things that, you know, sort of give, you know, the idea that this relationship is transactional.

2 (1h 6m 38s):
I mean, I can see where someone can make that argument, but I, I dunno if it's or not, you know, who is, I can't get inside their mind. I do think it's possible that maybe she wants to have a family, you know? I mean, she's maybe at a point in her life when she is like, I, I wonder if I need to find somebody who would be a good person to have kids with and a life with, whatever. And I'll tell you what, if Taylor Swift had a baby and made a record about being a mom and the experience of motherhood with one song at the end, which was like a lullaby to her kid, that is the one thing that could actually push her to yet another level of fame.

2 (1h 7m 22s):
Wow. Because the, because the one thing she has not done, because it's very rare to do this, is to write a truly timeless song that outlives your existence. I mean, there are many artists who have never done this, who are great. I mean, like Led Zeppelin's the biggest band in the seventies. They have one song that's going to outlive their career. You know, there are major artists who have never done this, and she doesn't done that yet. She doesn't have any song that's going to, that there'll be a point in the future at least. I mean, I can't see into the future, but I don't think she has made a song. There'll be a time when people know the song and have no relationship to her. Like they have no idea who wrote it, who came up with it, you know, that's like the one last thing she has not achieved.

2 (1h 8m 5s):
I mean, like, the Rolling Stone sounds like you're laying down the gauntlet for Well, I mean, it's, it's, I mean, it's a real, like, some people are gonna hear this and they're gonna freak out. They're gonna say, they're gonna start listening. You're gonna fucking send me songs. Oh, what about this song Off Lover? What about this song? It's like, it's like, no, it's not. It's, I'm talking about a very, very specific thing. The Rolling Stones have had the longest career of any rock bands. They have been the biggest rock band in the world for many points over that stretch. Yeah. They have two songs that I think maybe, maybe only one song that's going to exist outside of them, even after they're gone. Like, it's hard to do it. It is, you know, and, and sometimes it's strange, like thin Lizzie has a song like this thin, Lizzie has one song that's going to do this.

2 (1h 8m 50s):
Led Zeppelin has one song, led Zeppelin was much, much bigger than, than Lizzie. But the idea of this song, like a Mariah Carey has one Mariah Carey's Christmas song is gonna exist beyond her life. Seven Nation Ironmen is going to exist way beyond the, I was gonna say,

0 (1h 9m 7s):
Nazi Stars fade into You will exist forever, because people keep throwing it on the TV shows and movies.

2 (1h 9m 12s):
Well, it, but, but that might stop. That might stop at some point. It can't, it's gotta, it, it's, it's gotta be like, like the idea of say Seven Nation Army. It's like now they're playing it, you know, the crowd is singing it at soccer stadiums in Europe. Right. That they, they, they have no idea where it kind of came from. Right. You know, I, you know, it's, it's, it, it, it's, it's really v very hard to do this. I mean, you know, I love Van Halen. I don't think Van Halen has a song like that. You know, there's, there, there are, you know, it should have Jump,

0 (1h 9m 45s):
Jump should have been like an amazing basketball song that stood the test time.

2 (1h 9m 48s):
Well, they do play those opening chords on a keyboard a lot of times at before the jump ball at a game or when they jump in. But it's just not a, it's, the kind of songs I'm talking about are, it's like they need to have a meaning that is almost detached from the experience of listening.

0 (1h 10m 10s):
So you're talking about like, imagine, or yesterday?

2 (1h 10m 13s):
Yesterday Definitely Imagine, probably, yes. Imagine I would put in that class. It, it's, you know, I mean, the real key is, is that you, you have to get some generations removed, but people who know the song and they have no idea about anything about it, you know, they have, they have no idea if it was popular in the past or if it was unpopular if they discovered it for the first time. All these things. It's very hard to do. And, you know, my, my son listens to a lot of Taylor Swift music, so I listened to a lot of these full albums of Hearse, which before I kind of just sort of heard the singles. And now I'm sort of listening to the whole, the whole thing. And, and it's, it's interesting because she's a pop artist.

2 (1h 10m 54s):
So every song, every song she makes in theory seems like the, the origin of it was, could this be a single, could this be a hit? And as a consequence, there aren't a lot of super interesting deep tracks on her records. Like, I, I, yeah, I don't really, there there aren't situations where you play a Taylor Swift album, or at least I don't, once again, I know know, people are gonna fucking lose their mind over this because they just do. But it's like, you know, you, you, you, I don't really hear

0 (1h 11m 20s):
Things. Yeah. People would say love story. I, I think love Story would be the one that people would say, come on. No,

2 (1h 11m 25s):
I mean, yeah, I mean that, you know, and it's, it, it could be that could happen, but like, it doesn't, I mean, I would've never said this about Seven Nation Army when it was new. I would've been like, oh, it's the first song off this. Or

0 (1h 11m 38s):
How about Sweet Caroline, which is now in like decade six

2 (1h 11m 41s):
That, well, there, there's, there's one of those songs right, by an artist who, that I don't care much for. But I know that song is like, like that, that you can put this in a commercial and of people singing the song in a bar, you know, that has a relationship now to a city too. That's a part like, you know, it is, it's, it's related to the idea of what it's like to be in Boston. So as long as Boston exists, you know, that will happen. I, you know, I love LA that's like a song that's criticizing Los Angeles and yet will always be part of the Los Angeles experience.

0 (1h 12m 13s):
Yeah. Alright, let's take a break.

SimpliSafe (1h 12m 19s):
This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. There's a lot of different ways to show love, but I think we can all agree that one of the best ways is to show you care that you want them safe. And for that, I recommend SimpliSafe Home Security. It's an advanced system that will help protect your home and the people you care about in it. Why would you trust SimpliSafe? Well, I mean, it's easy to set up by yourself if you, if you don't feel comfortable setting up by yourself, you can get one of their expert technicians to do it. Cameras, you can have cameras outside wherever you live. You can have cameras inside. Look, we've been doing stuff with SimpliSafe, I think since we started The Ringer in 2015, 16 range every year. They have improved. Every year they have added stuff that people need to deter. Burgers, burglars, and burgers. You could try it out risk free for 60 days and if you don't love it, return it for a full refund. SimpliSafe, we even covered the return shipping. Find out why they've been named Best Home Security Systems of 20 24, 1 of them anyway by US News and World Report right now, you can get 20% off any new SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring, visit SimpliSafe com slash bs. Once again, that is SimpliSafe com slash bs.

Via Tour (1h 13m 35s):
This episode is brought to you by Via Tour. Traveling is all about getting out there and experiencing something new and fun. I had this one, I went to Sweden last year. I had to go for Spotify, rolled the dice. I was going alone, had some work friends there that say it. And I'm like, what's gonna happen? Get there. Haven't been to Stockholm ever Walking around having a great time, just, just immersed myself in a totally different culture. Really remember memorable. I remember like a hundred different things about it. If you wanna make your next trip memorable, you need via tour. It's a website and app that'll help help you book fun experiences and ventures all over the world. They have over 300,000 bookable experiences in over 190 countries. And it's flexible. They have free cancellation, they have various payment options, 24 7 service, and you can browse millions of reviews from real people so you can make sure you're booking the best adventure for you. They offer all kinds of adventures from simple walking tours to more extreme thrilling adventures and all the niche interesting stuff in between. So that's one app. That's over 300,000 travel experiences. You'll remember, do more with via tour Download, the Via tour app. Now use the code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. That's V-I-A-T-O-R with the number 10.

0 (1h 14m 56s):
Alright, we have one last segment. We could go speed round. I'm just gonna give you some topics. You tell me what is exciting to you. Okay,

2 (1h 15m 3s):
JF well,

0 (1h 15m 4s):
What, go ahead there. There's

2 (1h 15m 6s):
Something I wanted to ask you about.

0 (1h 15m 7s):
Okay.

2 (1h 15m 9s):
Do you think the Patriots take a quarterback at three? Because you're a guy who does not watch a lot of college football, so I'm wondering what you think about them drafting third and who they should take and all. Because I have a, I have a, I have a take on this, but I wanna hear yours.

0 (1h 15m 20s):
First of all, I really appreciate you thinking about me and asking where I stand on this because it's been dominating. The only two things I care about are the Celtics season and what the Patriots are gonna do with three. Well,

2 (1h 15m 31s):
I have this fear. Have you talked about this on like six other podcasts?

0 (1h 15m 34s):
Because you did so many? I have not. I, I really haven't thought because I've really gotten into it since the super Bowl. Okay. And I've been trying to study the three guys and trying to figure out where I'm leaning and what I like and reading all the features, trying to find out what they're like as teammates and leaders and all that shit. And first of all, they have to stay at three and take a quarterback. Because I just think if you hit with a franchise quarterback, which is basically 45% odds, 40% odds with the way it's gone. But if you hit, you're set and they're in a conference with Burrow and Mahomes and Herbert, like they, they have to get one. So when I see stuff like, oh, trade back get picked, or there was this dumb story today, they're trade the pick from other stuff for Justin Jefferson.

0 (1h 16m 19s):
Well that's, we wouldn't have a quarterback to throw to him. Trade back to the Raiders at eight, pick up more stuff. Okay, so now my, I'm keeping my fingers crossed with JJ McCarthy. These three guys seem like really good Betts to be good franchise quarterbacks. And people that I talked to in college who love college football, really like all of the quarterbacks. and they, they each kind of pick one. So Caleb, it's like, eh, why was his last year so bad? What's going on there? Is he gonna be like happy in the right situation? And it seems like more off the field stuff with him, with Drake May, it's like, ah, North Carolina, we've seen this before. We've seen guys like this that they win you over with the highlights, but go watch the film.

0 (1h 16m 59s):
It's not as good as you think. And then Daniels is just too skinny. Daniels they list at two 10. I don't think there's any way He's two 10, we're gonna find out at the combine this week.

2 (1h 17m 9s):
And he plays pretty recklessly for his size.

0 (1h 17m 12s):
Well, so Nate, they, they talked about this on The Ringer NFL draft show. Nate Teis described him as having some Johnny Knoxville in him. Which, which is a great way to put it. He takes huge hits. Yeah. And you know, I I think like Lamar came into the league, he was six foot 2, 2 15. This guy's six foot four. He is probably like 2 0 5. So even if you put a little bulk on him, to me, my, my and I, I'm not gonna finalize this yet, but it seems like if Drake may have fell to three for them, where it was supposed to be him or Caleb Williams a couple months ago, oh, who's gonna get number one? And now he falls to three and he has the chip on his shoulder and he's already 6 4, 2 30.

0 (1h 17m 54s):
He can already make a ton of throws. If you go back and you read all this stuff about him in Carolina, everybody's like, this guy's fucking amazing. I love this guy. He's a leader. He's changed the culture here. Like, he went there and changed the culture of their football program. And it just seems like he seems like a safe, safer bet than Daniels who would be amazing, who would be like a a, an athlete in a QB I've never rooted for before, but could just get hurt immediately. So I'm kind of leaning toward Drake May. So what do you think?

2 (1h 18m 23s):
Well, I gotta say, I've been thinking about this and I disagree with you.

0 (1h 18m 28s):
Okay, good.

2 (1h 18m 30s):
Okay. This is my thinking on this. If you have the number one pick and Williams is there, you take him because he is a situation where if he's not elite, he's a bust. But that, that's sort of his, like that his floor is a, a great NFL quarterback. He seems to have the body, the skills it is like, it, it, it seems to be like a, a, a package that's too good to pass up.

0 (1h 18m 59s):
So you're saying his floor is, he would be, well I the 10th best quarterback?

2 (1h 19m 4s):
No, I don't know what his floor is, but he's the only like okay for, you know, if, if Drake May has a career like, like Chad Pennington or if he has a career like oh, Kirk Cousins or something. Well, could he be,

0 (1h 19m 18s):
Could he be Josh Allen?

2 (1h 19m 19s):
No. Well, well what I'm just saying is that, that Drake may, if he's just a starting quarterback and he has some, you know, some pretty good years, some average years, you know, it's like that's a successful career.

0 (1h 19m 30s):
I, but I think he's a higher for ca for Caleb higher ceiling than those guys.

2 (1h 19m 33s):
Well, no, I know, I know. But what I'm saying, if that, if that's what happens to him, if that, if that, if that's what his screw ends up being, it's still okay. It's like he, he, he, you know, he was still a starting quarterback for many years on some probably pretty good teams. Could

0 (1h 19m 45s):
He be, could he be poor man's? Josh Allen would be kind of the floor firm

2 (1h 19m 51s):
Actually. I mean, I, because

0 (1h 19m 52s):
He's gonna be 2 45 pounds in you say

2 (1h 19m 54s):
The floor. The floor. I, I don't, so the thing is, I, I don't, I don't know. I I think for most of these guys, the floor actually is pretty low.

0 (1h 20m 3s):
Yeah. The floor is

2 (1h 20m 4s):
Bust. So my thinking is this, now, now this may have changed because things, you know, if I'm picking three, if may, if if he falls to three, it's a tough thing. But I would be, I would almost be more interested in taking Marvin Harrison Jr. And drafting bonus if he's still there at the top of, like

0 (1h 20m 26s):
In the second round they have the 35th pick.

2 (1h 20m 28s):
Yeah. And then drafting Sam Hartman late in the draft, or maybe even if he, if he doesn't get big, because to me, Bo Nicks and Sam Hartman, he was the guy from Wake Forest who went to Notre Dame. Yep. Those seem like the two guys who are in the best position to play immediately. Like a, like, like I think Hartman looks like, and he's 26 or 27 or whatever. He looks like he could play immediately. Now granted it seems as though his ceiling would be being a good NFL backup, but it seems as though these attempt to find these quarterbacks, it's, it's, it's too much of just rolling the dice. There's as much, I mean, we can't just use Brock Purdy as the only example, but it seems possible that if you get the right guy in the right situation, he can succeed.

2 (1h 21m 18s):
But if you put the right guy in the wrong situation, it doesn't matter how right he is. You know what I'm saying? It's true. It almo it, it would almost seem to be better to build everything around it and hope, I know it sounds kind of like a desperate thing, but kind of hope that somehow a quarterback ends up there over time. I mean, like, okay, maybe you, maybe you take a, a Drake pick on, like Joe Milton. Okay. He was the guy from Tennessee. He threw an orange 102 yards or an apple on Apple a hundred. He threw, he threw some produce 102 yards. Right. Okay. Well now that doesn't make him a great NFL quarterback, but it means he kinda has the body and he has the arm. To me, if you, if these guys the, the main thing you want, you don't wanna draft somebody who can't make the throws and you don't wanna draft somebody who's not mobile.

2 (1h 22m 2s):
Those are the two things, you know, everything else seems to be very situational. And I don't know if I have enough confidence in any guy. Like, like even Williams, he, he might not succeed, but it's like, it's too good to pass up. You gotta do it. But outside of that, I think the idea of, well the quarterback's the most important position, so we just gotta pick whatever's the best quarterback available. I think that's bad thinking. And I don't think it's working out for people. I mean like Bryce Young, like do you think Bryce Young is bad or do you think it's the situation he's in? Because I think it's impossible to tell.

0 (1h 22m 35s):
Well, he had no weapons, but he also, he also seemed really short.

2 (1h 22m 40s):
Well, thats the thing,

0 (1h 22m 42s):
Watching the games, it was like, man, he can't even throw over the middle at all. Like he can't see these guys.

2 (1h 22m 47s):
The question is he, is he just a little too small to be great or is he just not quite good enough to succeed at that size? But I think

0 (1h 22m 55s):
Some guys, I think the surprise to me was that I thought he would be more athletic. 'cause I knew he was short. Obviously you'd read anything about it, but I thought he'd be able to maneuver around and buy himself time and that's what he couldn't really do. Like that's what Kyler Murray does in some of these other, you know, the smaller quarterbacks can move around. That's what Russ Wilson was able to do early on with, with Seattle. I just think these three guys might be better as a threesome than some of the other ones. Okay. This goes back to the whole cluster theory, right? When it's like, you know, you, it's like the Trey Lance draft where Zach Wilson and Trey Lance and Mac Jones and you go back and you're like, ah, maybe those guys weren't that good.

2 (1h 23m 36s):
Well, I mean, it's hard. It's just, okay. We did a podcast years ago when there was the whole big class of quarterbacks coming out, and I remember which you and I, which class? Well no, because you and I both liked on, on the Upside. We both liked Josh Allen. Yeah. Like you had he like stood behind you at a Target or something?

0 (1h 23m 51s):
No, I met him, I met him at the Masters and he was six five and really charismatic. And we were like, oh, this guy seems cool. That was it. I thought I had no real, real reason.

2 (1h 24m 0s):
I thought you saw him at Target for some reason. Yeah. But anyways, anyways, we, we were right about that, you know, but then I was also like, oh, baker Mayfield, they should move him to slot receiver. I remember. I remember kind. And then we were like, but we've all also, we liked Lamar. We thought he was great. But then I also liked, I I remember thinking like, whoa, maybe Josh Rosen will be the best of all of these guys or whatever. You know, it's like, so we like, we're right and wrong. Okay. Yeah. Now obviously this isn't our job, we're just guys talking. Me particularly, I'm just a two talk and I have no knowledge. It's like, but like, so it's, it seems like drafting a quarterback now or not, not even drafting, developing a quarterback. Having a quarterback, you know, it was successful. It's, it's too, not even too difficult.

2 (1h 24m 43s):
It's kind of impossible to look at these guys in college and actually know who's gonna succeed. I mean, look at the Browns. Last year the Browns did pretty good just shuffling through quarterbacks because they built all around him, right? They, they had Yeah. Running game, they had defense and all stuff like at San Francisco has done this, right? That, that, that this idea that we need to start with the quarterback. I think that's just a way to fuck these guys up. Particularly with this idea, with the way contracts are set up now, and you have to succeed when you guys on a rookie contract or whatever, they need to change how that is structured. Because what they're really doing is just damaging these guys, you know? And it's like, so

0 (1h 25m 23s):
Well in some cases, because you could argue CJ Stroud, which to me CJ Stroud is, is why this is so fucking hard because everybody stared at that all spring and it went back and forth and there was like forth, there was some test that he took that he got a low score on, and people got scared about that. Yes. And then it was like Ohio State, is he a system guy? His, I remember saying, well, and

2 (1h 25m 44s):
Every other guy from Ohio, every other guy from Ohio State underperformed. Right. Every other quarterback came. So people

0 (1h 25m 49s):
Were like, no way.

2 (1h 25m 50s):
Yes. Yeah.

0 (1h 25m 51s):
And then immediately you could tell, I remember Sal and I were talking about it the first two weeks of the Sunday pods. We were like, CJ Stroud's good. Like this is a wrap. This guy has it. You could see it. And that's part of this where some it's weird that we don't know. We don't know. We don't know. And then when they go out and they start playing, you kind of immediately know,

2 (1h 26m 13s):
But okay, because of this, I think because he succeeded in this way, that was very unexpected. It actually makes people like, we wanna draft a quarterback, then we gotta draft one of these guys. You have to, but to me, to me it's the opposite. The fact that the guy who clearly was the best from that class did not seem that way when he was coming outta college. That no one. Now I'm sure there's somebody out there who was like, I had him number one on my board, but for the most part that was not the case. Okay. Yeah.

0 (1h 26m 37s):
But go but flip this the other way. Yeah. Just in the last six years, Mahomes, Josh Allen, CJ Stroud, Herbert Burrow, like we, Brock Purdy, we've, we've had real guys that can now lead teams that were in the draft. So it's, yeah. But,

2 (1h 26m 54s):
But Purdy was, Purdy was literally the last guy draft. Well, I draft, okay, Burr makes sense. Okay. Lamar, I what? He went 27, 28 to, to the Ravens.

0 (1h 27m 4s):
Like say we, the Pats passed on him twice.

2 (1h 27m 6s):
Yes. Or was it 20? Like anyways, it was kind of, you know, like they're, they're actually sort of all

0 (1h 27m 10s):
Over. Lamar is another one.

2 (1h 27m 11s):
Yes. They, they, they're kind of all over the board. Right. So if that,

0 (1h 27m 15s):
But not really because we've had, we've had seven in the last six years that are now franchise guys.

2 (1h 27m 21s):
I know, but look where there, but like we said, Purdy was the last guy drafted. It was like, there was, yeah. It, it, it wasn't as, it would be one thing if for the last years, the number one pick every time succeeded because that hasn't been the case. Well, I mean, was like Mahomes was the 14th pick. Am I right about that?

0 (1h 27m 37s):
Yeah. So somewhere in there. Okay. Maybe

2 (1h 27m 39s):
17. 'cause somebody, or somebody, because somebody like put a a an old, you know, I see an old tweet or whatever it was like when he got drafted. Nick Wright, that guy who basically talks about Mahomes, you know, like he's like his son or whatever, you know, it's like he had a tweet that was like, I don't know about this. We'll have to see if it works out. I hope it does. It's like, yeah, there's like, there's like no way you can look at this. You can look at these drafts and be like, well, picking a quarterback early is the right move. It doesn't seem like that's true to me. So it almost seems better to maybe draft multiple quarterbacks later. I like

0 (1h 28m 17s):
That. You know? Well, you could do that. That could be a strategy you take like fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh round your state, four quarterbacks.

2 (1h 28m 22s):
Well, I, I, I dunno if you wanna use all of those people, but like, you could get a guy, if you take Bo let's say Bow Nicks. Now some people think, I heard somebody saying they think he might actually go to Denver 15, which is real early. But like, let's say he goes at the front of the second round, you know, kind of like the way like Jabre did or whatever. So you, you take him in the second round, you take Hartman late, maybe you take one other guy in there and kind of in, in the mid range, you have three guys in camp and you can sort of maybe see, well, do any of these have the potential to play now or be great later where, you know,

0 (1h 28m 59s):
Yeah, but here's the thing, what, what, but everyone operates out of fear. So if Drake may goes three, the Patriots don't take him, and then Drake May is awesome, you're getting fired.

2 (1h 29m 12s):
Well, sure. But if he, if Drake may goes to the Patriots, what is the best he could be? You think he could with what they have on the field?

0 (1h 29m 19s):
Well, they're gonna have a really good, they're gonna have a really good defense next year. Try to get him some receivers. Sure. Maybe he doesn't start in the first year. I don't, I actually think it's a pretty good situation.

2 (1h 29m 29s):
I mean, okay, so like the, the thing about Caleb Williams is he does look like somebody who could take a bad team and make them average an average team and make them good. He seems as though that if he fulfills this potential, he actually could be somewhat transformative in like, the way Joe Burrow was, whatever,

0 (1h 29m 46s):
On and off the field too. Yeah.

2 (1h 29m 47s):
I I, I, I don't know if, if I feel confident about any of these other guys, and there's a lot of them. I mean, I, there was a time at the beginning of this year, I was listening to Gary Danielson on the radio. Wow. And Gary Danielson said like, there are 15 quarterbacks in college football right now who, if they play to the apex of their potential will be top five picks. Like, he's like, it won't happen. Of course, all 15 can't do that. But there are 15 guys who, if they play as well as their biggest supporter, believes they could do, they will be a top five pick. They're just a lot more quarterbacks now. I mean, like this, you know, it's, it's, it's odd because at the NFL level we seem like we're always missing them. We don't know, don't have enough.

2 (1h 30m 28s):
But at the college level, there seems to be a lot of good ones. These seven on seven camps and all this stuff has really changed. Right.

0 (1h 30m 34s):
So I the opposite of basketball. Yeah.

2 (1h 30m 36s):
So I am not, I I'm not confident. So

0 (1h 30m 40s):
You feel like more QBs are coming.

2 (1h 30m 42s):
I feel like they're, that the, that the, the difference between the very best quarterback and the 11th best quarterback in college football has really microscope. Mm. And it is more the situation you put them in. So I, I, I just, I wouldn't feel confident being like, well, I'm gonna use this draft capital on a quarterback who's just kind of at the top of the draft, who doesn't seem necessarily much more secure than a quarterback who might be the seventh guy picked, I mean, seventh quarterback picked now.

0 (1h 31m 14s):
Well, you know what, so there's two things with this draft being in the spot that Pat's are in. First of all, as a fan, if they got Daniels or May, I would immediately, like, if they got Daniels, I'd be so excited. I'd be so fearful of his injury potential. But he would be the most exciting patriot. I, I don't even probably since like Randy Moss, we've never had anybody who does some of the stuff he does, I'd be nervous the all time. But, but anyway, Arizona is at four and they're all in on Kyla Murray, like they just did the tweet yesterday. Carla Murray, our quarterback. So, you know, they're taking Marvin Harrison at four. And it would seem like the move for the Patriots would be to pretend they're taking Marvin Harrison at three and then try to flip with the cards and get a little something.

0 (1h 31m 59s):
And now you're at four. And now if you decide to do the Klosterman plan, now you're at four. I got an asset from Arizona. I still am gonna get the last of the quarterbacks at four. Do I wanna now move back to eight and pick up more stuff from the Raiders? The Raiders hop up to four to get Jade Daniels. Now I've got their second and their first next year, and then I'm at eight. And then maybe I take the best receiver there and I take Bo Nicks like they, I've talked about all these scenarios with all my Pats fans friends. But just fundamentally, like, I don't know how they pass on May or Daniels.

2 (1h 32m 35s):
I just, I, they probably won. It's so

0 (1h 32m 36s):
Hard for me to wrap my head around

2 (1h 32m 37s):
That. I'm just, I'm just saying, I would speak, you mentioned Moss. What do you think of Dynasty? The Apple TV

0 (1h 32m 43s):
Patriots thing? Oh,

2 (1h 32m 44s):
My. God. I like it. You don't like it?

0 (1h 32m 50s):
I it's, it's very well edited and very well done. It is so anti Belichick.

2 (1h 32m 58s):
It's,

0 (1h 32m 59s):
And so pro craft,

2 (1h 33m 1s):
I know

0 (1h 33m 2s):
That it's hard for me to wrap my head around it. It would be, I was saying as somebody, it's the equivalent of if the HBO executive who green lit the Sopranos and then was running HBO during the Sopranos, then did a documentary about the Sopranos and David Chase was just shit on and dismissed half the time. That's what it feels like watching it. Like they skipped over in 90 seconds, the second and third Super Bowl wins a 21 win streak that we had Belichick elevating into one of the greatest coaches, not just in football, but in any sport. The culture that he created, like trading Drew Bledsoe, getting rid of Laura Malloy, the fact that he was able to get these guys to do your job and play well and do all these different things.

0 (1h 33m 46s):
Well at the same time being completely cutthroat and over and over again, it was like, if if you're not doing your job, you're outta here. They spent 90 seconds on it. Okay. and they were immediately like, we need that 25 minutes for Spygate.

2 (1h 33m 58s):
It's like, I got,

0 (1h 33m 59s):
If you're gonna tell me 25 minutes on Spygate and 90 seconds on two Super Bowls and a win streak.

2 (1h 34m 4s):
Okay, I got, I got three things quick. Okay. One, what is perhaps most fascinating about this part of what you're describing is that Belichick seems to know this, his, you can see his posture during this interview. He

0 (1h 34m 16s):
Knows. Oh, I, so I know for a fact they, yeah, they, he didn't wanna do the interview Oh. Because knew what was happening and they made him do it. It's, it's very it's hundred percent true.

2 (1h 34m 23s):
Very. It's very clear. And I respect him though for being like, I'm gonna go in here and nonetheless, and I'm gonna treat this like a God press conference. And he even, like, he has his head back. I, there's a lot of interesting stuff like the way, the way Brady looks in this, like, I don't know why, but they seem to have styled his hair to make it seem as though he literally woke up 10 minutes ago. Right. It's, it's strange. They're they're trying, they're trying to give him a naturalistic look. It's just strange. But anyway, so yeah, it's very antibi check. And of course I love Bill Check, but I was like, I like the fact that it's like he seemed to know this and I'm doing it anyways. I think that it is, I think the stuff about Bledso, I, I was pleased that they did that. Yeah. 'cause I, they could have very easily made that a very small part of it or skipped it almost entirely.

2 (1h 35m 7s):
And he comes across real well in it. And it's an interesting thing, skipping that second super Bowl, that was a little bit of a surprise to me how fast they went over that. But I'll tell you what, it was a great move by the guys putting this together because I did fear when I started watching this, this is gonna get boring. It's gonna be this year, then this year, then this year we had success. All we overcame all this, they're going right for the problems that they're, that's like, it's like the super Bowl second Super Bowl is interesting, but Spygate is the problem. And because as we, I feel like it's someone Yeah.

0 (1h 35m 39s):
Mixed.

2 (1h 35m 39s):
Yeah. Here's the, as someone who makes documentaries, you must realize this. I mean like, people's characters are illustrated not through their success, but through their failure. Like, I, I do not need to see these guys talk about how wonderful it felt to win the Super Bowl. I wanna hear them talk about these problems and it seems like that's gonna be the emphasis. So I'm looking forward to all the Deflategate stuff. I'm looking forward to the Hernandez stuff. I'm not

0 (1h 36m 1s):
That Malcolm Butler. That's what the, but that's what the documentary is. I think that the parts were only 40 minutes, right? Yeah.

2 (1h 36m 9s):
All the well time because they, they go fast. They go faster than I thought they'd feel.

0 (1h 36m 13s):
But if you're gonna do a Dynasty and you're gonna dive into some of the problems, you have to build the foundation of what they built in the first three episodes. And it could be five minutes, it could be 10 minutes, whatever. But like them becoming not just the best team in the league for two straight years and beating the Colts a bunch of times when Manning was like, you know, the pretty boy face of the league going in, going into Pittsburgh in the, in the third super Bowl season, the a FFC title game. All the stuff they did with the way they did it and the mentality they had to me is worth five minutes. Like to try to build like, here, here's why this was special and this is why when they're talking about Spygate jeopardized everything we built, you didn't show us what you built.

0 (1h 36m 58s):
You skipped over, you know, they won a super Bowl, super Bowl 36, and it was a little fluky and they were underdogs, you know, double digit underdogs multiple times that year and the last two games. And it was amazing. It was one of the great fan experiences of my life. But the real heart of this Dynasty starts with those second and third Super Bowls and the win streak and beating the Colts 38 to 34 in Indie, having the goal line stand. And it's like, yeah. And the fact that these guys, even as

2 (1h 37m 23s):
You're describing it to me, it seems boring. Like I'm getting

0 (1h 37m 26s):
Bored. These guys are sacrificing, they're sacrificing for Belichick even though he just slit blood so's throat and he slit Laura Malloy's throat and they're still playing as hard as possible for him. Oh sure. That's worth something. And then the Brady Manning thing, when, when Brady was basically turning into Bill Russell and Manning's wilt and we're reliving that as that's going through the three, I just felt like there was some meat on the bone

2 (1h 37m 49s):
There. Well, there's still a lot left of it. There's still six episodes, so it's, we still got, you know, five hours.

0 (1h 37m 55s):
But, but the, the basic thing is it's pro craft and it's anti Belichick and it, it's, it's little stuff that you can watch if you go through, like they keep cutting a craft, celebrating the luxury box. They keep making it seem like Kraft was ate Kraft owned the team. Belichick did everything. Belichick Well, I mean,

2 (1h 38m 11s):
The real XFactor is, will they discuss craft's arrest? Will that

0 (1h 38m 16s):
Be part Oh, there's no, there's no way.

2 (1h 38m 18s):
But you don't think they're, you don't, you don't think they'll even talk about it?

0 (1h 38m 21s):
I don't think so.

2 (1h 38m 22s):
Well, that's, I mean, because, because to me, if if they don't, then that's a real problem.

0 (1h 38m 26s):
I would, I would bet. And no, on that one, they talk about, they do a lot on that super Bowl 36 season. I think that is the greatest coaching job in the NFL history of somebody overachieving with the roster that they were given, with the decisions they had to make. Like, not just, not just how they beat all these teams as double digit underdogs over and over again, but the fact that when Blitz was coming back, giving Brady the job, sticking with it, they covered into the thing. But it was like, I was living in Boston that year. This was all we talked about. And

2 (1h 39m 2s):
It was pretty split. Yeah. What was your, what, what was your position at the time, Brady? Probably,

0 (1h 39m 6s):
I was writing it. I was, I was, we gotta stick with Brady. 'cause I think the people that were really watching the team, we were like, man, Zo hasn't been good in a couple years. and they did a good job of mentioning that in the doc that he had just been hit too many times and it was starting to change how he played. But he stuck with him there. But then he stuck with them heading into the super Bowl. That was the other thing. When Brady was hurt, he still stuck with him.

2 (1h 39m 27s):
I always thought the Gutsiest move to make with a quarterback was when Nick Saban benched Jalen Herz at halftime for two.

0 (1h 39m 35s):
Right. For two.

2 (1h 39m 36s):
But this would be second I would say. Because he would've, he would, he had, there were so many ways he could have gotten, went back to Bledso. Like there, there were, there were, there, there were so many opportunities for it that he could have done that. And that it would've seemed justified. And people would've said like, well, even if it didn't work out, it'd be like, well, he played, he played it safe. He got conservative. That would be the worst thing. But he, he did not, you know, he did not. So they,

0 (1h 40m 0s):
They, they really didn't dive into everything they did in that Rams game with the game plan, which was one of the great game plans anyone's ever come up with. And it was, you know, kind of the, the little brother of the game plan he came up with against the bills in the first Giants Bills Super Bowl. Yes.

2 (1h 40m 15s):
That and that, that was a crazy one too. Going back to that idea,

0 (1h 40m 18s):
I just feel like they discounted, like, this guy was the best coach I've ever had. And craft seems very focused, really the last few years of shitting on him every chance he can get. And making it seem like it was the three of them together as a Dynasty. And I just don't think it was the three of them. I think Kraft, the best thing he ever did was hire Belichick. But after that, this was Belichick and Brady for 20 years. They didn't even spend, like, there's stats now. Like they've spent the least money of the last 10 years of any NFL franchise. And it just craft over and over again. Like that story he tells about Spygate when it was like, how much did this advantage help you? And Kraft's telling this story? And he is like, was it outta one out of 100?

0 (1h 40m 59s):
How much did this help you? And Belichick's like a one. And Kraft says, well, you're, you're a schmuck. He says, he said that The Belichick, I just don't believe that story. I don't think Belichick would be like Oh. yeah, it was one out of a hundred. It wasn't meaningful at all. And then Kraft calls him a schmuck

2 (1h 41m 13s):
Way. Well, what I like, I feel like would've happened is Belichick would've said, well, it's one out of a hundred, but you know, there are a hundred circumstances like this. So Glomerate of a hundred, it's one. Yes, it's one piece of a hundred, but there are also 99 others. And if you had them up, there's, it makes a difference. But that's all we're going to talk. Would it hate, before you asked me your speed rounds, did you like the We Are The World documentary?

0 (1h 41m 34s):
I

2 (1h 41m 34s):
Did. That seemed like right up. You did?

0 (1h 41m 36s):
Yeah. I really liked it. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was, I thought a a pop culture tour de force. Huge fan. You liked it too. Yeah. I,

2 (1h 41m 44s):
I liked it. I liked it. I also, you know, I, I'm not the world's biggest Bruce Springsteen fan, but I appreciate that he was the one guy in the documentary who was like, song's not very good. It's kind of stalk, you know, it's like, and he said it in the nicest possible way. I mean, the one thing I'll say about I gotta say about Springsteen is anytime he's in a documentary, whether it's like, you know, he's in the history of rock and roll, that one that was on PBS, he shows up on these things. He comes across so well when talking about art and music and just sort of like, you know, it's a great interview. He, he, well it's not even that. He's a great interview. He comes across as a real thoughtful person. But, okay, so go to your, go to your speed. We

0 (1h 42m 22s):
We're done. We're,

2 (1h 42m 23s):
Oh, there's nothing We're

0 (1h 42m 24s):
Outta time. Yeah. We gotta save it for the next time. I had so many good things left, but we we're not gonna be able to talk about UFOs and JFK and the fall of Buzzfeed and Vice and Bronny James, we'll save it for another time.

2 (1h 42m 36s):
Well, okay. Yeah.

0 (1h 42m 37s):
Chuck Klosterman a pleasure as always. Good to see you.

2 (1h 42m 40s):
Thanks for having me.

0 (1h 42m 43s):
Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Chuck. As always, thanks to Kyle, Creon and Steve. Sir Rudy, if you wanna watch clips from this podcast, you can go to youtube.com/ Bill Simmons. I'll be back with another podcast on Thursday. See you then.

FanDuel (1h 43m 21s):
Must be 21 plus in President Select states. FanDuel is offering online sports wagering in Kansas under an agreement with Kansas Star Casino, LLC gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit FanDuel dot com slash RG in Colorado, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Tennessee, Vermont, and Virginia. You can Call one hundred. Next step, text next step to 5 3, 3, 4, 2 in Arizona, Call one 7, 8, 9, 7, 7 7 Or visit CPG org. Chat Connecticut 1 809 with it in Indiana 1-800-522-FOUR 700. Or visit ks gambling help.com in Kansas, 1 8 7 7 7 7 0. Stop in Louisiana, MD gambling help.org. Maryland one 800 GAMBLER dot net in West Virginia or 1 805 2 2 4700 in Wyoming. Hope is here. Visit gambling hope line ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for 24 7 Support in Massachusetts or Call. one 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or text Hope and Y in New York.

Lululemon (1h 44m 25s):
This episode is brought to you by Lululemon. Guys, if you're ready for a new pair of pants, try one of Lululemon's a B, C pants. They're made to make you look and feel good. And there's lots of different styles to choose from. My favorite, because I walk around LA every day, I like the joggers. I'm not jogging, I'm just walking fast. But if you're working out, I would try them out. And if you want something a little sleek, maybe businesslike, maybe try the A, b, C Slim Fit trouser. But I'm a joggers guy. I just, once covid happened, I was just like, I'm, I wanna wear jogging pants and joggers and all kinds of soft pants as much as I possibly can, especially when I'm working out ultra comfortable and versatile. A b, C pants are really in a league of their own. Buy a pair right now@lululemon.com.