0 (0s):
Hello, Beautiful People and welcome to our Humble Abo. The ThunderDome on this big unit Thursday, April 18th, 2024. This sports program starts now, sports our wonderful and there's a lot of sports going on as we count down today's to the NFL draft, which is just one week away where we will be live on YouTube, ESPN plus ESPN dot com, quiet the TikTok, quiet. I think anywhere else you could potentially be live on social media alongside a man who will be co-hosting with us. The greatest coach in the history of the NFL in the greatest general manager in the history of the NFL Bill Belichick will be joining us.

0 (44s):
Mad Mel Kuper will be in attendance. There will be some surprises. We'll have a draft board and we'll have a hell of a Thursday evening with all of you starting at seven 30 with our countdown to the draft. Spectacular where that man who's right over my right shoulder. I look super professional. You do. That's a great forward cross. Yeah. Shout out Derek for making the, the graphic here and, and, and Kuer obviously looks great. Con man. Wow. Living your best life back here. Look at that. But Belichick posing as if he's looking to the heavens to say football Gods. Thank you for choosing me to be a man who has committed my entire being to the greatest sport on Earth. He'll be going through some draft myths and projecting what he thinks is about to take place from seven 30 to eight.

0 (1m 24s):
And then when the draft kicks off, buckle up. 'cause we're there for the next nine hours as 32 teams will attempt to change their fortunes of next year. We'll talk. Will somebody draft a player that'll be there for the next 20 years? Mm. Possibly maybe Will all 32 teams or all 32 picks be complete busts? Maybe. Hope not. Yeah. Could be. Maybe. Well 32 of 'em be Hall of Famers maybe. Yes. We have no idea what we're in for, but we know we'll be live in Deis. We cannot wait for that. We're very, very thankful. And also a little breaking news here on this wonderful big unit Thursday, yesterday we announced the whale had landed in the draft Spectacular.

0 (2m 8s):
That was Bill Belichick. I was excited to kind of tease that one 'cause it did take a little bit to make it happen. A lot of meetings, a lot of conversations. I think Bill wanted to make sure he got a full grasp of what he was signing up for. Always gonna be prepared and everything he did that. He studied our show. He's excited. I think that's what we saw yesterday. We are honored and grateful. Yeah. So we were pumped to make that announcement. Thank you to the internet and to the world for reacting how they are Now. I have heard from some people that are a little bit older, they're saying like, Hey, how, how do I, how do I watch Bell Belichick on this thing? Sure. I'm like, well, just like, you know, Amazon's streaming. I didn't do the streaming. I'm not Amazon's puppet. Oh, okay. Is it on tv? Is it not on tv?

0 (2m 48s):
I'm gonna say, well, funny is you smart tv. I don't need the funny business. Where the hell am I watching this? Well, you'll have to go to ESPN dot com I think will be the easiest way on your phone. Do you have a smartphone that has the internet? Yeah, I got go ESPN dot com. It should be right at the top. You go to youtube.com. There's a good chance it's probably gonna be right at the top. And I know you love TikTok, you old lot of old, so just go on TikTok. It'll probably be on there as well. So that is obviously huge news And. we can't thank everybody enough for being as receptive as they are. And. we can't thank Bill enough for allowing us to have him be a part of our program. That's Thursday night for the draft spectacular. Correct. Friday our show will be live from Deis as well. Okay. Noon to three-ish. Okay. Day of round two of the draft Hell.

1 (3m 28s):
Yeah.

0 (3m 29s):
Roger Goodell will be joining our program. What? The commissioner. The commissioner of the NFL Whoa 1230 Eastern time. Roger Goodell will be joining us live from Detroit on Friday after round one before round two kicks off. And we'll finally have an opportunity to chitchat with a man that has taken the NFL from ha all the way to HA and has signed an extension to take it to Ha We have a lot of questions. Oh yeah. And I can't wait to chit chat with him. I have been on the record of stating that what Roger Goodell is able to do speaking is something that not a lot of humans in the history of our existence can do. One of the greatest talkers I've ever witnessed and seen, we see it on display at his press conference during the Super Bowl. Anytime he chitchats, we saw him whenever he got summoned to

1 (4m 10s):
House oversight

0 (4m 11s):
Ti. Yep. And I was excited to watch him dance with politicians because he's a better speaker than politicians are and he's also a better businessman than they are. So we were pumped to see how he would handle it. I saw him in a team meeting before the lockout happened, answering questions from all different players and ideas and boom, he was able to give an answer without saying anything. And then he just moved on to the next one. We walked outta there going, oh, okay, we makes sense. Sounds very good. And then about week goes by and we're like, wait a minute. He didn't really, what'd he say again? And that's why Roger Goodell was paid the big bucks because he is, you know, the man who's in charge of Yeah. Corralling 31 billionaires and keeping a league in a trajectory that's up into the right. We have nothing but respect for him and we'll get a chance to chat with him next Friday.

0 (4m 52s):
So Bill Belichick draft spectacular Thursday night, then Roger Goodell on Friday And. then we head into the weekend watching the rest of the draft. Having the time of our life.

1 (4m 60s):
Bingo. Pumped.

0 (5m 1s):
I am so excited and grateful that we get to do this for a living. the Toxic Table is here at Boston Con. I had Ty Schmidt got a chance to show your saggy tricep to Bill Belichick yesterday. Yeah.

1 (5m 9s):
It was crazy. I still kind of, not really fully process it. Don't think I will process it for the rest of my life. I mean, the thoughts you texted me last night, the thought of being on a set with Bill Belichick for five hours in an evening will be incredible. The amount of times, I'm just gonna say, Ugh, coach. That's exactly what I was gonna say too. Thank you so much for laying it out. Much better. I, I mean it's going to be incredible and you know, Mr. Goodell joining on Friday as well. That'll be incredible pumped for that. And you know, not to mention playoffs starting all over the place.

0 (5m 37s):
Yeah. N-H-L-N-B-A. Right. They got obviously playing games took place last night. A lot of updates on that. And also NBA player has been banned for the rest of his life.

1 (5m 46s):
Right.

0 (5m 47s):
See ya can't do it. Good rib. You're gonna ruin the entire game. Can't do it. You remember what Tim Donah he did? Yeah. We banned him forever. You too pal. One way trip the hell outta here forever. Now what's happening with John Perry Porter? Yep. Yep. Interesting name. Never seen that name before. Before this entire investigation. Never. Obviously you've seen Porter before. Yeah. Which I believe. Yeah, brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is how the first name though. Never seen it before. Pretty proud of it. Pumped of it. As I learned of him though, I realized, oh yeah, I'm never gonna hear from this guy again. Because what he did was allegedly give some information about his health and other stuff to a known NBA gambler that turned a $80,000 parlay into a million dollars. Okay. That's not great. you know the books, once they see them get, huh?

0 (6m 28s):
The books get hit for a million bucks on something, they're like, okay, we need to investigate this because that's not normal. They start looking into it, then they start finding some irregularities in, you know, ante's betting spree. Yep. Including betting against the team that he was on, even though he was not playing. Yeah. Betting against them in numerous bets to the total of a $21,000 net profit. Yeah. This dude won 21 grand and in doing so, basically ruined his entire legacy, his name and his career. Now giving the information to A NBA gambler turning 80,000 into a million bucks. I think he probably could have pleaded ignorance.

0 (7m 9s):
I was just having a conversation with somebody. It's my health. I didn't mean to give it away for them to do that, but whenever they track you and they find out that you were making bets. Yeah. Not only on the NBA, but on your own team to lose, it's like that's an immediate Yep. Get 'em the hell outta here. I'd assume the Raptors fans feel the same way. The Raptors team probably feels the same way. I see a lot of people You know comparing the punishment for him versus other things that have happened in the NBA And. we would like to once again go on the record as stating that we understand that terrible things happen in a lot of different professions, but in professional sports as well. Whenever you're talking about thousands, thousands of people, a lot of money, potential, you know, lack of good conscience in some things and bad decisions are made, bad people do bad things.

0 (7m 50s):
Not everybody in every league is bad. We're not saying that. But comparing that type of incident in terrible thing versus gambling on a sport in which you can control the outcome. It's just two different convos. It's just a, this one is integrity of sport. Integrity is sport. Potentially jeopardizes entire league. Yep. Game everything going forward. Marketing everything. Once people start realizing, oh wait, the players aren't even trying to, well then why am I watching? Why am I betting that can ruin an entire league now? Terrible people can also ruin a league. But you can eliminate that. Betting on games has to have a severe penalty. We saw it in the NFLA couple different times, now we're seeing it in the NBA and as the sports gobbling is growing, we want everybody to do it responsibly, obviously.

0 (8m 34s):
But also players cannot do it. We cannot have sports becoming something that the script people can actually point to and say, just like we said it was, it is scripted. Because once people start losing their own money on stuff, they start getting a bit more emotional. That's why you can't have any questions around it. I understand why they ban 'em forever. I bet you a lot of NBA players understand why they ban 'em forever. But people on the internet are always gonna point out like, wait a man, this is 20 games. Okay And, it is banned for life. You're gonna say that this is worse. Well it's like gambling isn't necessarily worse than that, but jeopardizing everybody in the league's career and future is certainly not worth it. And that's what happens whenever players gamble on sports in which they're at.

0 (9m 15s):
And we'd like to remind other NBA players, NFL players, MLB guys, right? WNBA players five NHL guys, five, all of gambling is gonna be around. Yep. And when you retire, you're gonna be such a better gambler. It's gonna be awesome. Oh my god. When you're done, it's right for the picking. Sure. You just can't do it while you're playing. It's all kind of understood by everybody that's ever played an actual sport. One half of the hammer cowboys 10 digs here. This is a massive story in the sports gambling world. Especially with where the world's headed to.

2 (9m 41s):
Huge. And, and and to your point, is killing someone worse than than gambling on sports? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is. Agreed. Okay. Here,

0 (9m 50s):
I don't think anybody's getting a 20 game suspension for killing somebody. No. That is, this is

2 (9m 53s):
Hypothetical. Okay. Hypothetical.

0 (9m 55s):
Interesting. Hypothetical. Go with there's I understand what you're saying. Yeah. Okay. I don't actually, but I do. Is

2 (10m 0s):
Killing someone gonna end the NBA? No. Is players gambling on the NBA? They're in the NBA gonna end the NBA. It could potentially. So that's why he got the, the lifetime ban on this. And sports gambling is awesome and sports is awesome. But you can't do this like, especially like $20,000 is what he made now. 21,000 bucks. Yeah. Now did he get a, did he get a piece of the 1.1 million that he gave the information to the, the guy that thought he was gonna be able to bet $80,000 on a player that no one's ever heard? All due respect, no one's ever heard of this guy. Okay. You, you don't, you'll think a sports book's gonna be like $80,000 to win a million on a guy that nobody's ever heard of. Okay. Yeah. That's gonna get flagged immediately. That's gonna go through the systems. They're gonna check everything and then check everyone's account And.

2 (10m 41s):
It's all gonna, it's all gonna like the sport. That's what's great about legal, legal sports betting. Now it's like you, this stuff actually, it like this would've been if this would've happened in the past before legal sports books dead first off. Yes.

0 (10m 54s):
Dead. The, the guy that did the $80,000 bet. Yeah. Dead.

2 (10m 58s):
Yeah.

0 (10m 58s):
Probably if for a million bucks. Yeah. Yeah. There is. You're

2 (11m 1s):
Dealing with the Italians or the Greeks. Yeah. Most likely debt. Okay. And that situation. But you can't, like, you cannot, especially on your own team to lose, like we've, we've talked about players who bet on their overs Okay. And their team to win

0 (11m 13s):
Boxers have bet on themselves to win fights. Yeah. Like we've heard about that. Okay. Alright. Going through another let's up the purse a little bit. But anytime you're betting on your own can't team to lose, can't have like, that is not, nobody wants that person around. See band for life. Okay. The NBA said it. I don't think you're gonna find a team that's gonna be like, give us the guy that was betting against his own team. I, I don't, I don't think that is necessarily something that every team would be desiring around free agency. Especially a guy that his over under was like one and a half.

1 (11m 42s):
Yeah. Bingo

0 (11m 43s):
Boards or something. Yeah.

1 (11m 44s):
Six points. Yeah. Like they weren't high odds, but this is what happened when it, it kind of occurred with the Colts. Like you had to know, okay, is Isaiah Rogers making bets against the Colts to lose? Like is he, is he actively trying to sabotage the team and no, obviously it was a different thing and he got suspended for a year and you know, losing a year of your NFL career, obviously huge deal. But he didn't get banned for life because of the fact of like, the nature of the bets. And like, he can at least explain, Hey, I was making these bets trying to make a couple extra dollars for family. Whether that's true or not, whatever. That's what he said. Like this is clearly, hey, I'm trying to, I'm trying to beat the system. I'm trying to beat the league.

1 (12m 24s):
I think I am smarter than Adam Silver who sat in that chair who was super Dan.

0 (12m 28s):
Wasn't it Draftings? Was it Draftings?

1 (12m 30s):
Was it? Yeah. I wasn't sure what book

0 (12m 31s):
Was. I think they were the ones that came out and said it was the biggest win of the night. Oh, last night. Yeah. Was Jte Porter bed. Yeah. Prop. They're like, yeah, it makes sense. Have you ever heard of this? We haven't until we just gave a million dollars to somebody overnight and then it happened again too. I think there was another time where it was the biggest and they were like, yeah, this ain't, well we need to talk about this.

1 (12m 51s):
And then the clips of him like hitting a three in a game and being like, shit like, damn it. Like he didn't mean to do it. It's like those are so damning.

0 (12m 59s):
I haven't seen that. Oh

1 (13m 0s):
Yeah. There's one where he, he hits a three from The Wing and then as soon as it goes in he is like, ah, son of a bitch. Let's stay,

0 (13m 5s):
Let's stay in the basketball world away from that one. Because just as former player and as people that deal with Goling, I mean that's To Digs is a host of a gambling show literally every day outta this office called Hammer Don. It's a phenomenal show. They've been on a wind streak for like two years. Somehow. Not guaranteed. No, no, no. But they have been swinging a hot bat for a long time. He gumpy Bruce and Mitt obviously. Yeah. Mitt is so damn good. We have profited from sports gambling being legalized. I, I understand that you could kind of say I'm a hypocrite, but like all of this works. We everything works. Yes. In the sports world because we don't have it being actually manipulated from within Integrity.

0 (13m 47s):
Coaches, players, things like that just can't happen. It just can't happen. And anytime, and this is back in the day, I'm an old man, you know, you walk into any locker room College NFL basically got a picture of Pete Rose doing that dive. Yeah. You know the the Oh yeah. The slide head first or whatever. Yep. And it's like, don't be this guy. And that's literally how it goes. That's why the s show Hey Tani thing Yeah. Was so big and so loud because it's like would s show, Hey Tani, everything we know about Shhe, Tani And, we've heard Abouthe Tani would show, hey be a guy that would jeopardize all of his baseball thing Billy to gamble on soccer games around the globe.

0 (14m 28s):
Like I don't, I don't think so. No. and what the feds are saying is no, because if you're an athlete, it is literally pounded into your head literally since you start this entire thing not to do it. So John T. Porter at some point just had to say to hell with it, I'm gonna try to get away with it. It didn't work. Let's stay in the NBA and you know, cooking books a little bit. Whoa Boban missing those free throws Hell. yeah. For those people to get free chicken. And then it happened again. Yep. Last night as the Sixers were losing a game, if it's, if the opposing team misses two free throws in a row, I think everybody in the arena gets free chicken or something like that

3 (15m 7s):
Chick,

0 (15m 7s):
I believe Chick-fil-A I think so in the entire arena. And it first introduced to this by Bob Bond. Yep. Who they were up like 30 or something in the fourth quarter late. He's on a fat line. Misses the first one and somebody in the crowd is like, Hey Nija, Nija Nija. You miss another one right now. We all get free G What's that? He's, he doesn't know the, he doesn't, here it is right here. Here's Bob Bond becoming a hero in another team's arena.

3 (15m 32s):
Fans are getting excited here. There might potentially be free chicken. I got you Lord. If he misses

0 (15m 39s):
His second free throw close game. Eight points a lot different than what I thought it

3 (15m 42s):
A little tight coffee.

0 (15m 45s):
Oh

3 (15m 47s):
Bob's playing with the crowd. Say you want chicken,

0 (15m 50s):
I got, here's your

3 (15m 50s):
Job.

0 (15m 52s):
I got you would've been 1 0 6 97 there. Yeah. Okay. Still close game. Four minutes left. Instead Boban says, you know what? Yeah, you guys earned it all times. You absolutely deserve it happened to get in last night in the play game. I love it. This is brilliant marketing. See this is smart here. Yes. They'll have, you know, for football the endgame advertising is the dumb I've never, yeah. Not

3 (16m 13s):
Great.

0 (16m 14s):
None of it has ever worked. No. you know, I appreciate, you know, like Stanley security sponsoring like the challenge. Right? But is anybody watching that going, you know what, I won Go Stanley

3 (16m 26s):
Security. I do need to,

0 (16m 27s):
You know, you know, kind

3 (16m 28s):
Of bone up my security.

0 (16m 29s):
I don't think anybody you know is doing, most of the advertisers are just there so they can say they're a part of it and do the whole song and dance. I get it. This one. Brilliant. Actually the entire arena buying in, the players on the floor buying in and causing these viral situations. Congrats to Chick. Is it Chick-fil-A i I

3 (16m 46s):
Believe it is Chick-fil-A.

0 (16m 47s):
Yeah. Congrats Chick-fil-A creating one of the best in-game advertisements that I've ever seen in my life. I'm watching that game last night and I hear the crowd, oh yeah. Start cooking. I'm like, I don't know if it was in Philly. Here it is. Yeah.

3 (16m 58s):
Builds when you're not the frustration

0 (17m 2s):
59 48

3 (17m 3s):
Scoring and you're not getting called

0 (17m 5s):
Mc if he misses

3 (17m 6s):
It, it's a little bit different height.

0 (17m 10s):
Look at Chick-fil-A

3 (17m 11s):
Go Nuts for chicken free chicken love chicken. Yes. Yes.

0 (17m 21s):
That's a, that's a play in tournament game. You got the commentator

3 (17m 24s):
Buying into it spurred their run. They were down 11, they went on a huge run after this. The Sixers did How

0 (17m 32s):
I, I heard a lot of booing from the Sixers fans last night while I was watching because they were up early then the heat come all the way back and now Jimmy Butler is hurt I guess going forward and everything. But that is the most brilliant advertising in game that I've ever seen. And I think it should be deserved. Nice applause every single time it happens. Yeah,

1 (17m 50s):
Absolutely. Boban also used to play for the Clippers, kind of like became who Boban is with the Clippers, you know the John Wick stuff and all that. And then he went to Dallas with Luca. But there is a very easy way to work this in the NFL. Like could you imagine Miss Gel? Yeah. I almost didn't want to say that because you should just, the lot House should probably adopt that immediately 'cause that environment would be so sweet. Missed extra points. Yeah, exactly. Like any sort of kick. Oh yeah.

4 (18m 17s):
Or false starts. False Starts it work as well.

0 (18m 20s):
Get real loud if you get three, if you get two false starts or something. Yeah, yeah. Same

1 (18m 24s):
Drive or something like that. So

0 (18m 26s):
Then it is encouraging, Hey we you guys want chicken or not now much different arena than stadium. True. Yeah. Like Arena 15, 16,000 stadium 70,000. Yeah that's a little different. You know budget for how much the advertising is. But anytime a company can buy in and make something better, I am a big fan of it. Speaking of a company buying in and you know, maybe making something better. What's going on with Seahawks? Mm,

1 (18m 51s):
Good question. Yikes. Interesting. Yikes. Okay.

0 (18m 54s):
They hit my, you know, my newsfeed yesterday. Okay. And. it reminded me of what happened with the Indianapolis courts after all my friends got cut. Yeah. So. I was very lucky to be at the tail end of the Bill Poon Peyton Manning era. Okay. Winning a decade in NFL history. Obviously you've seen the highlights now you never see Peyton Manning in a cols uniform anymore. Sure. You only see him in a Broncos uniform. And that's 'cause Jim Rse Pseudo had to cut Peyton Manning because at the point there was a lockout happening, he didn't know if his nerves in his or Jim I guess didn't know if the nerves from his neck were gonna be able to make him feel his fingers ever again. Andrew Luck, the greatest prospect on earth is sitting there.

0 (19m 35s):
Weird situation now Peyton has a statue here. I think Jim will try forever to be a guy to make it right with Peyton. I think Peyton obviously understands it all, but you only see photos of Peyton in Denver. Bronco's uniforms now. Yeah. Not fun, not cool, not great. Especially for Cols fans who became football fans because of what Peyton Manning was able to do. But it wasn't just Peyton Manning, it was that entire era. You talk about dudes that have just sacrificed for this city of Indianapolis to make Indianapolis a football town. There was a nice mural on the wall. All my friends literally with the Super Bowl and everything that this city is from the RCA dome to Lucas Oil. It was like a story of the Indianapolis coach Sweet with like Freeney on their Mathis is on their Gary bracket.

0 (20m 16s):
Jeff Saturdays on the Ryan Dean was under Peyton Manning office. Honor Rin James Joseph had dies on there. Basically any, Bob Sanders I think was up in the top like then Terry's holding a, a fist post. It's like this massive mural was on the wall. And. it was, it was awesome. It was like, okay, this is kind of the story of the Indianapolis coats and what it has been. So then whenever, you know they move on from Peyton and then they move into the next era with Gregson, who I've made good with. That's right. Yep. Nice to chat with you Ryan. I do think this was still a horrendous decision and Chuck Pano literally day one painted it. Like saw them painting over the wall. The guy that had worked for the Colts Angel, I believe his name was, who was friends with like, he'd been a part of the Colts building and facility operator for a long time.

0 (21m 3s):
He's the one that had the paint over tough day crying. Just paint over this mural. And I'm just watching as like all Dallas Clark's on there watching Dallas' face just get covered up and the trophies and everything like that. And it's like, okay, so, so we're not at the Colts anymore. No exist. What? So this wasn't, that wasn't good. What just happened in the last then all the photos of all the greats, all of them go back to unite us. All of them taken outta the part where the players are. Take those photos down. We're putting new players up there that we drafted. This is a whole new era, a whole new team. I personally hated it every, it was only, I was the youngest guy that was still on the team that didn't get cut.

0 (21m 46s):
you know, from the previous regime. Reggie Wayne was obviously still there. Robert Mathis was there, Adam er was there. Couple other, but it was basically a clean sweep, whole new team. And I was way too young to say anything. But then I get a chance to fly to Tokyo, Japan for a USO tour with Chuck Beano sitting right next to him. And I was gonna retire. So this was probably a year or two before I actually retired. I was gonna retire 'cause I hated just working for these people. Like I did not like it. I did not enjoy it. I hated the way they operated. Like I just did not like what was happening. So me and Chuck next to each other 17 hours and I just basically gave it to him. The whole thing. Yeah. I was like, how about day one when you just painted over the entire history of the Colts?

0 (22m 28s):
Took all the photos down. We get it. Is the Indianapolis Chuck and Gibsons. Okay. Not the Colts we under now. The Seattle Seahawks are doing the same exact. Yikes. Seattle Seahawks did the same exact thing painted over the walls. Here's Leonard Williams formerly Yes. Of the Giants. Right. Okay. Got traded to the Seattle Seahawks last year on October 30th, I believe. Here's his take on the entire thing.

5 (22m 48s):
My impressions with the team and with the coaches and with Mike as a overall feeling. It, it just, you can just tell there's a sense of urgency right now. And in in a way that's kind of bringing everyone closer together. That's making everyone, you know, be so locked in and like in meetings in, in the, in the weight room on the field, it's like you could just tell there's a different sense of like, everyone's like locked in on a different level. And I remember the first day we came into the team meeting, Mike pointed out that, you know, there's empty walls in the, in the hallways and things like that. And You know for a person like me, I think that re made me really excited and I hope it made the rest of the guys excited.

5 (23m 29s):
'cause you know, we're obviously gonna respect tradition and the history of, of the Seahawks, but wow, I think it's given us like a clean foundation to like create whatever we want to be. We're not chasing to like be like any other team that's been here before. We want to create our own identity.

0 (23m 45s):
I understand, I appreciate, I respect it. But also what the legion of Boom And that Seattle Seahawks team did was wonderful. Yeah. It was a massive piece of NFL history. It's like, let's not just try to bury what makes the team, the team. McDonald doesn't probably want the gig in Seattle as bad if it wasn't for what Pete Carroll and the Seattle Seahawks had done over the last decade and a half, two decades. So there's a lot that goes into it. That's a decision that gets made. I guess the good way to view it is like, yeah we got a brand new start fresh canvas and everything like that. And I understand and I appreciate that. But for me, when it happened at the Colts, mind me, your thought was, what are we doing? What are we doing? Then we get Andrew Luck, we go to the FFC championship game.

0 (24m 26s):
It's like, all right, I guess we got brand new walls coming. Fair enough. And. it didn't happen again. So. I mean and they haven't won the Yeah. Hey, but Ballard comes in,

6 (24m 36s):
Tossed it back up. Yeah. Yeah.

0 (24m 37s):
Everybody in every room. Dwight Freeney in every room. Yeah. Robert Mathis in every room. Peyton Mannings in every room. It's like, I don't think you should try to bury history to create your own. You can embrace it while also creating a new era. Hopefully we have nothing but faith in McDonald. We think he's a fantastic coach outta Baltimore. Same with Schneider. But I don't like the move personally as a player. But Leonard Williams does. He's in the locker room. Who cares? Moving away from football into baseball. There's a man joining us right now. Okay. 22 years. Damn. This guy threw baseballs with his left hand, long time, threw baseballs with his left hand hall of famer. Obviously 303 wins. 166 losses.

0 (25m 18s):
Damn. 4,875 strikeouts.

6 (25m 24s):
That's a lot. That's

0 (25m 25s):
A lot. 4,875 dudes stepped into a batter's box with this big son of a bitch on the mind and couldn't get a hit. you know why? What was that? He threw hard. He was like the intimidator up there. He was he'll Buzz one by your face and there's nothing you can do about it 'cause he'll beat your ass too. Ladies and gentlemen here for DirecTV Legend Randy Jones.

7 (25m 52s):
Yay.

0 (25m 55s):
How are you man? Hey, glad you could join us, Pat. Hey Randy, listen, here's the deal. I cannot stress enough that when we heard there was an opportunity to have you on the show, how excited all of us were. I'm not a big baseball really good. I didn't grow up in the baseball world, but I knew who the big unit was. You know, like there is, you're a guy that crossed all sports, all genres because of how great you were. And as we talk about the DirecTV connection, thank you DirecTV for making this happen. They're giving away millet. Mullets. Millet is bird feed. Okay. Okay. So You can get a mullet shaped millet to feed the birds. There's little bird ballparks that they're, you could win at DirecTV slash bird ballparks directv.com/bird ballparks right now.

0 (26m 41s):
And it's, it's hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. First of all, So I, appreciate that DirecTV's doing it. I appreciate you signing up to do it. Let's talk about the bird. Let's

8 (26m 50s):
Talk about it.

0 (26m 51s):
You blew that thing up, dude. I mean, just absolutely dead. Okay. That bird is obviously no longer with us, but that man who threw that ball is joining us with DirecTV about bird ballparks around the place so that birds can safely watch a baseball game. At what moment did you realize that this is gonna be talked about forever? and what is the first thing that goes through your mind is that bird kind of gets destroyed with a hundred miles an hour fastball?

8 (27m 19s):
I, I think, I think that was a spring training game down in Tucson in 2001. Throwing the pitching in a spring training game against the San Francisco Giants. I think it just kind of caught everybody, it kind of caught everybody off guard. I'm like, what was that? That that just happened? I thought initially that maybe someone had thrown something and then the impact of the pitch pushed the, pushed the bird over to the on deck circle and Jeff Kent who was on deck picked it up. And I think at that time, everybody, myself, all the players, everybody in the stands, if you didn't realize what happened then you did when he was holding up what was left of the bird.

8 (28m 7s):
So 23 years later they're still talking about this. Like you said at the intro, 10 all-star games won 300 games close to 5,000 strikeouts, MVP of a World series. And you know, and I am recognized and remembered for killing a bird

0 (28m 28s):
With your bare heads. Yeah. With your bare, could you imagine if another bird was right behind it? We had two birds, one ball. Oh my. It would be the ultimate, ultimate metaphor.

8 (28m 38s):
And and the bird that got away would go home and say, sorry, Joe's not coming home tonight. Yeah,

0 (28m 44s):
Of course, of course. The bird brains are something that certainly recognized what was happening in this situation there. Randy, let's talk about how you played baseball and how you threw baseballs. 'cause we went through a little, once we learned, you could come on the show, we're like, oh, we gotta go through some big unit highlights. We go back, do you, obviously you'll remember this, but we did not All Star game. You, you sail one over Crux Head. Okay. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And the commentator said, obviously this one got away from Randy A. Little bit, but if we watch you pitch any other time, you weren't scared on that first pitch to let her batter know like, Hey, I can hum this thing right at your face. If I wanted to this on purpose, this first one here,

8 (29m 24s):
That that, that, that's an all-star game in, in 1993. And I think the ball just kind of slipped outta my hand. It was a little hu a little humid there. And then luckily I was able to follow up the next three pitches and, and John Crook kind of swinging at it and he was a good sport And it, it was a showcase of the game. And I think that was a highlight that everybody remembers as well. Maybe not as much as the bird, but it was a pretty funny highlight of my career and on and of his as well.

0 (29m 59s):
Okay. So let's talk about that. 'cause that's in the all-star game and I didn't follow baseball nearly enough, but everybody that does the baseball talks about you weren't scared, right? To let a hitter know what's coming at him. You weren't scared to give up a ball early to intimidate. Is that a accurate depiction of how you pitched? And do you think there's anybody now that pitches how you pitched?

8 (30m 21s):
No, because the game has changed in a lot of different ways. But back when I pitched, I not, I not necessarily was throwing a pitch like that on purpose. Sometimes it just happened, you know, especially early in my career before I got, you know, my mechanics down on a consistent basis. But it wasn't unheard of You know to be throwing a pitch to the backstop or throw a couple pitches up and in. And I think, you know, pitch hitters were, you know, Hey, is this guy gonna hit me? And you know, I was just a, a bit wild and at six foot 10 throwing 98, you know, a hundred miles an hour that, that kind of stuck with me.

8 (31m 8s):
And so after a while I kind of polish my mechanics just like a football player, would you polish your ability? And and you harness it. And then I go back to the, back to the early times and still throw a ball up and in. But now I'm doing it on purpose because I'm letting them know, Hey you, you're, you're up to the plate. I'm gonna make your job a little bit more difficult. And that's what my job is, you know, make your job more difficult and, and doing it without hurting somebody. Of course.

0 (31m 43s):
Could you sense when somebody was scared to death in there, you had to have, I would assume that you knew when somebody was scared.

8 (31m 50s):
I, I don't, I don't, I You know there, Hey You know you in your induction. you know, your, your your intro to me You know I struck out close to five, but there I gave up a lot of home runs there a lot.

0 (32m 2s):
Yeah.

8 (32m 3s):
You know So I tip my hat to a lot of, to a lot of players that I faced and they, and, and rightfully so they owned me. and that would be the, that would be the term that I would use. They owned me. So not everybody was scared. Not everybody You know had their tail between their legs when they came up. But I did the best I could in trying to intimidate them in some way. Making that at bat difficult if I was a linebacker, you know, or a defensive end making that quarterback know, yeah, I am there every play and I may not have tackled you, but I'm right there and I just ran right by you because I didn't want to get a flag, but I'm there.

8 (32m 49s):
I'm gonna be your worst nightmare. And you know, sometimes, you know, I would throw a ball up and in and then throw the next pitch right down the middle and I would have a kink in my neck 'cause it just went 400 feet.

0 (33m 2s):
You're like, max Crosby. I get it, I get it. Max Crosby. Yeah.

8 (33m 5s):
Yeah.

0 (33m 5s):
So

8 (33m 5s):
Always a mess. So I re I I respected my, my peers, but, but it was just kind of something that kind of came with my, the territory that I pitched in. That was what I was, that's, that's what I tried to, tried to be. And utilize the intimidation and fastball much like say a Nolan Ryan did back when he played just a different era.

0 (33m 32s):
You're

8 (33m 32s):
Six foot. So there's, there's, there's not really anybody in today's game that really does that. you know, you can't throw a pitch up and in Peters don't understand. And pitchers don't do that because, you know, it's a just a different era of baseball now. They don't, they don't pitch that way.

0 (33m 52s):
So Ty is gonna have a bunch of questions. He's a big baseball fan. Last one for me. 'cause you talked about this being a different era and different baseball and everything. I think it was a game last night, hour and 49 minutes or so. Yeah. Yep. Hour and 49 minutes with the pitch clock and everything. How do you think you would've handled the modern day and how do you think you would've been received if you were bad? Do you think this generation's soft big unit, because there's a lot of XNFL guys, right? Who talk about the new rules and the new thing, the game soft, game soft now ratings are higher than ever. I think participation is still going through the roof and everything, but the old generation obviously thinks that the modern way of hitting and tackling and unweighting yourself is all bullshit. Is that how you feel also about baseball?

0 (34m 34s):
Is there a legion of you guys that think like that? and what do you think about the pitch clock hour 49 game?

8 (34m 40s):
I think, I think that's what they've been trying to get out of baseball since I was playing. I, I remember, I remember we would have conversations during spring training where umpires would come in and they would tell us that we're trying to quicken the game up for, for the players and for the fans because nobody wants to be there for three hours, you know, and they were talking about trying to quicken up the game and shorten the game up in some capacity back when I was playing And. that was 15 years ago. And I think they've done a nice job of that.

8 (35m 20s):
I remember going to minor league games a couple of years ago where they were implementing the time clock. And I, I was at two back to back games in two days. And the games were like you said, you know, a a couple hours and, and everybody enjoys a, a fast, a fast game. Now the things that, that, you know, and a lot of rule changes have happened and you know, it is what it is that the one thing that I don't like because it would've been my profession pitching and that's, that's my livelihood and I wouldn't want anybody taking that away from me. But if I was pitching in today's game, the fact that, you know, there's a lot of analytics in today's game and, and the, and the number crunchers say that you are gonna have a better chance of getting a hit off me if you come up for a fourth time and So I have to come out of the game and you have to see somebody else.

8 (36m 18s):
I don't like that. I, I don't think that's necessarily true. The guy couldn't

0 (36m 22s):
Hit me the first three times. Now we're worried about the fourth time kid. What are we even doing here? That's,

8 (36m 26s):
Well, I think, I think that's what it, I think that's what, you know, when you turn the lineup over two times or you come up for a third time, that's about the sixth or seventh inning, you know, typically in the starting pitchers coming out because they feel that's when the batting average for the opposing team goes up. And the likelihood of you giving up a big inning starts increases because the hitters have seen you. Now, you know, I don't know how they can say that because the game's been around for 150 years and, and, and, and generations before me were, were pitching complete games and they did okay. And, and my era did Okay.

8 (37m 6s):
And yeah, not everybody does. Okay. And the game should dictate what the game needs to be done with the person that's out there pitching. No,

0 (37m 15s):
No, that doesn't make sense with the stats, Randy. You should see the NFL We gotta deal with this shit too. We gotta deal.

8 (37m 22s):
But, but what I feel and, and I, and I truly, you know, love the game. There's a lot of great talent in all throughout all of baseball right now, pitchers and hitters. And, and the game is great. But what I feel is my job in pitching is I don't want someone to say that I'm not good for another 30 pitches because you don't think it, it's in my mentality. Well I was groomed in the minor leagues to, to go that and I think, I think starting pitchers in today's game and come out after 5, 6, 7 innings Yeah.

8 (38m 3s):
And that's because of the analytics. But I feel like you're, you'll become a better pitcher if by by going deeper in the game. You have an opportunity to, to win more ball games by being out there.

0 (38m 16s):
Randy, I just got a stat in my ear here from Tone Diggs, you have a hundred complete games. Jesus. That's

8 (38m 24s):
Fine. Well, and that, and that's nothing. Some pictures, you know, before my era had maybe 200.

0 (38m 30s):
Yeah. That was when there was six people on a team ran. Hundred complete game. That would never happen. No. In the modern era. Now Ty Schmidt is our big baseball guy. I've already taken too much time from him. Very pumped to talk to you. Big unit.

6 (38m 44s):
Yeah. Randy, one of the big, biggest moments of my life as a baseball fan, massive Yankees fan is when they traded for you, even though it was at the tail end of my career, I still, I or at the tail end of your career, I still remember doing cartwheels, you know, realizing that the big unit was coming to pitching Yankee Stadium. Remembering you just ripping my heart out in the World Series with the D backs. But just curious, was there, I mean you won four consecutive Cy Youngs, which that will for sure never happened again. Was there ever a point when you went out on the bump where you just felt like, I just don't have my best stuff today. Because as a fan, you look at the lineup card, you see Randy Johnson pitching, it's like, okay, well he's at the very least gonna have 12 strikeouts.

6 (39m 27s):
He's gonna go what? He's gonna go eight innings. Why? And if we're lucky, we might, you know, scratch and claw, maybe one run off him. Did you ever go out there, especially in that dominant run, just thinking like, I just don't have it today. I don't have, I don't have my best stuff. And if that ever did happen, like how did you grind and claw during those games when you knew that you were gonna have to potentially still go deep in the game to, to give your team the best chance to win?

8 (39m 52s):
Well, I think that, that that made, it made me the pitcher that I became, I was able, and I did just that I would grind. I'd go out there and, and and, and understand that you're not gonna have your best stuff every time you go out there. And you gotta, you gotta grind. You gotta, you gotta be something that you're not sometimes and be able to get hitters out another way. I'm not gonna have a hundred mile an hour fast bar or my really good slider on any given day. You still, I gotta go out there. I'm not gonna have my best stuff. Well, I still gotta go out there and pitch. And so there was times where I'd warm up in the bullpen and, you know, I, I couldn't consistently hit the catcher or, or I couldn't hit the target.

8 (40m 39s):
And I'm thinking this is gonna be a rough day. And then all of a sudden you, when you go out to the stadium out and the, and the bell rings and you, and you take the mound for real, all of a sudden things click. And then there's been other times where I've thrown in the bullpen and I'm going, wow, this stuff's electric. I'm feeling great. And then I, and then You know I don't last an inning. You know, I walk a couple batters, give up a couple of bombs. The next thing I know I'm down five, nothing already. You are out. Go, go, go Jerome and have a cold one.

0 (41m 11s):
Okay. Okay. Cold one. I will talk. Okay. I, I didn't know, I didn't know were you, did we have a good time? Because we talked old school. We, we heard Dale Earnhardt Jr. Just on his podcast Yard Yard day was like, you know, they tried to get me into this nutritionist and get in the best shape of my life. He said sometimes I just need to smoke some cigarettes and drink some beers on a Wednesday and I'd have my best stuff. And like in football, whenever I was in my first three years, the night before the games, we had ice cream, we had pizza, we had wings, there was beer, you know, to, I mean, it was like, Hey, we're gonna come have a good time. We're gonna hang out. There's a celebration, then tomorrow we're gonna play a game. Then nutritionists came in and they were assigned to every single team.

0 (41m 51s):
And. it was like gone. All that's gone. This modern era. I don't think they drink alcohol as much or kind of do as much 'cause their entire lives are monitored. I've heard some legendary tales about baseball players, especially being on the road how it is. Yeah. Were you a guy that dabbled while winning four straight si youngs? Or how did you kind of manage life on the road and celebrating a lot? Obviously,

8 (42m 12s):
I think my gain, my, my, the, the, the pitching philosophy from, for me early on was You know I was still learning mechanics being at six foot 10 and being able to repeat my mechanics. That was the first problem that I had initially then. And when I got it worked out, you know, I started having fun because my ability, I was harnessing my ability and I was able to throw the pitches when I won where I wanted. And I, like I said earlier, I was no longer just launching a ball because I didn't have any control. I was launching it because I was trying to make an impact or an impression at, at times. And then when I, when I got my mechanics down, well then You know it's all about, you know, how, how can I become better?

8 (42m 58s):
And then I learned more pitches. I was watching great pitchers that I, that I looked up to that I thought were the best in my era. Greg Maddox, Tom Gln, Clemens, Pedro Martinez, people like that. How can I just watch from the sidelines and incorporate something that they're doing and and, and implement it in my game? And then, you know, what can I do in the weight room work a little bit harder cardio. A if you are not separating yourself from the next guy, then you are no be then you're just gonna be as good as him. And, and I wanted to be better than everybody. At least that was my mentality. And So I tried to work harder and initially I probably did mechanic wise because I was a, you know, I was a mess out there.

8 (43m 43s):
Imagine in Bull Durham I was, I was six foot 10 ele out there. Yeah, exactly. But then when I started going through that run of some success, you know, I hired a Nutritionalist You know that, that, that stuff wasn't around in the nineties or in the early two thousands. And towards the end of my career, that's when everybody started getting like, you know, eating properly. What you put in your body is what you get outta your body. Oh yeah. Tell tell babe Bru that he had a 12 pack of beer the night before and a couple of hot dogs. Exactly. And he would go out there and hit a couple of home runs. Yeah.

0 (44m 20s):
I mean that is, it is such an old school versus new school idea because it's like stats and science tell you if you're in your best shape, you should perform at your ultimate level. But in team sports, I think teams come together much better around a keg than they do kale. Like I think everything has a, you know, I think like there is a reason for teams to come together and it's, it's interesting how it's viewed by media, the newer generation, old school players and then like, the way, way back guys are like, you know, you guys don't smoke at halftime. What do we even your lungs are too soft. We just got outta the mill. Okay, so we're running a hundred yard gassers while smoking cigs. You guys are soft. It's like, time is crazy Randy.

0 (45m 1s):
It is a crazy thing as we continue to evolve, but athletes are getting better. Speaking of athletes getting better, Connor has a question for you Unit.

1 (45m 8s):
Yeah. Randy, obviously pitching is very much between the ears and a lot of guys have different You know, well, what's the word kind of routines that they go through before, if they're superstitious, there it is. Did you have any of that as far as pre-game routines go? Were you wearing You know the same pair of underwear like Dan Hurley did for Yuk Conn? Or were you just kind of like, Hey, gimme that ball. I'm gonna go out there and strike out 15 guys, we're gonna win this game.

8 (45m 34s):
I just, I just think the mentality that I had, I just You know. I never, I never wanted to, you know, go out there and not be prepared. You know everything's a transition. you know, when I started getting my mechanics down and I started having some success, I was just wondering how can you get better You know learning more pitches, being more prepared, understanding the strengths and weaknesses of your opponent, You know, being able to pitch accordingly, things like that. And then, you know, a little bit of nutrition came into play, but I didn't, I didn't have any You know things that I had to You know wear or live by.

8 (46m 19s):
you know, I just went out there and I tried to do the best I could for my teammates. And, and after a while I understood that, you know, the fans came every fifth day because I was pitching and they're paying their hard-earned money to come and watch me. And I'm an entertainer, if you will. Yeah. And I want to enter, I want that's gonna

0 (46m 39s):
Kill a bird. That's gonna kill a bird tonight. Just there's a chance we got a dead bird out here tonight.

8 (46m 44s):
I can't, I can't, I can't, you know, I can't assume that that's gonna happen inside the kingdom in Seattle or a big ballpark. you know, what if the bench

0 (46m 54s):
Started letting out birds? Yeah,

8 (46m 56s):
Yeah, yeah. Let the birds out. Let the birds out now. Yeah. But I, I tried to do the best I can and entertain them and, and after a while it, it became, you know, more about them than it was about what I was doing. you know, there was things that I would do that it was, you know, I was expected to do that because that's what you, you know, after a while it's like you have a great gig you're getting paid to do. That's what you do. And I think sometimes when you're doing some of these things that You know only a handful of people have ever done, you just kind of take that for granted that I think You know. I mean, look at my mechanics here on this last pitch.

8 (47m 37s):
And then you look at it like You know 10 years later. I mean, I'm just all over the place just throwing the ball. and that was in 1990. And then, then, then a couple years later, I have a nice conversation with Nolan Ryan and Tom house, the pitching coach for the Texas Rangers and they kind of helped me with my mechanics. And instead of falling off towards third base, like that last pitch no hit here

0 (47m 60s):
Was this guy didn't know how to,

8 (48m 2s):
There's nothing wrong with that, but, but you lose your arm, you lose your arm angle. And I was losing my velocity towards the end of the game. So when I, so when I went with what they were teaching me, you know, I was going towards home plate, I would keep my arm angle and I would go towards the, the batter instead of falling off towards third base.

0 (48m 23s):
Man, it's amazing how much that is similar to kicking, you know, like kicking, you're trying to keep your body in line. I assume there was, I don't know if back in your day, no offense not calling you old, but you get it. That was some standard deaf video we just watched. Did they put lasers?

8 (48m 37s):
Hey, that that wasn't black and white film there. That's

0 (48m 39s):
True. We find So for you. I mean 22 years in there. But did you put the lasers on your shit? Did they do that whenever, that's what they do now? No, no,

8 (48m 48s):
No. I don't think that, I don't think that was around the

0 (48m 51s):
You dinosaur before.

8 (48m 53s):
So maybe so. Maybe I am though. Maybe I'm old.

0 (48m 56s):
Yeah, but you got a whole new life. Tone's got a question for you. Yeah.

2 (48m 58s):
Mr. Unit about that. So when you were in Seattle with Junior Griffey, did you guys just talk about that when you guys were done playing baseball that you guys were gonna just gonna dominate the photography game after you were done playing baseball, because it's awesome and hilarious to see you in, in these pits photography pits and stuff like that on the sidelines of the, of these ball games. Six

0 (49m 15s):
Foot 10, right? Yeah. Jesus.

8 (49m 17s):
Yeah. I've been, I've been doing this since I went to college at USCI studied photojournalism then, and I worked for the college newspaper and got a better understanding of photography and all that, and really enjoyed it. And then that kind of took a backseat to my career that was about ready to happen. And I had to immerse myself into being the best that I could. 'cause I knew that was gonna, I was hoping that would be my livelihood, not photography. And luckily baseball worked out. And then after You know, baseball came to an end after 22 years, then I, you know, dusted off my camera and, and started going on some trips. And, and, and the next thing you know, I've been to Africa six times and I've had an exhibit in Cooperstown, New York, home of the Baseball Hall of Fame.

8 (50m 5s):
And, and right now, presently I have an exhibit in Scottsdale at the Scottsdale, the Performing Arts. So, hey, my, my, my photography has got to next level and Junior and I have talked. Junior is just kind of getting into it. Now. He's talked to me a couple of times about going to Africa 'cause he knew that I had been going there. And So I think for me, it's just a passion. It gives me an outlet of trying to be creative and get my mind right and, and be focused. There's some parallel to photography and pitching. You know when I'm going to Africa or going somewhere on a photography trip, there's a lot of preparation. Well, it's no different than You know tomorrow I'm pitching against the Atlanta Braves and I gotta know who's gonna be in the lineup, or most likely who's gonna be in the lineup and know their, their strikes and weaknesses, and then be able to go out and execute well when I'm going on a photography trip, where am I going?

8 (51m 0s):
What, what, what am you know, what type of the year am I going? What's the weather gonna be like? What kind of camera gear do I need? What am I looking to achieve there? Things like that. There's you, you need to put into time and effort. And then hopefully you get the results.

0 (51m 14s):
Yeah, we're put we're looking at the pictures right now. I mean,

8 (51m 18s):
Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's

0 (51m 21s):
You told the receivers to line up right there. You said, Hey, right here. Single foul. Wow. I'll throw a baseball

8 (51m 26s):
In

0 (51m 26s):
Your head. Yeah, yeah. Ask, ask the bird

8 (51m 28s):
Over here. Yeah. Look at me. I'm taking

0 (51m 32s):
Six trips to Africa. I I've been watching some videos on the internet. You need not be in one of those vehicles with one of those right there when an elephant is pissed off. These elephants been knocking these things over. Yeah. And these elephants, they talk, they talk to each other. They're knocking these things over. Look at that shot. Are you in there? You're in the safari doing this. Nothing

8 (51m 52s):
For an that's nothing for an elephant to get mad and knock that thing over.

0 (51m 57s):
So what are you doing? You're, you got full, you got full, you got like full Gilly suit, Gilly suit on. You're out there two, three days. You're sneaking up on these animals. How, how's this whole thing work?

8 (52m 8s):
Well, I just, you know, I initially went And, it was a family trip, and then I got more involved in it and I really enjoyed it. And, it was a great outlet for me to do photography. And, and, and I just really had a great time. You know, like I said, preparing where I was going. And. it wasn't just the animals that I was seeing. It was a lot of trips that You know. I'd go to, you know, a remote area. Like I'd go to Rwanda and go trekking up into the mountains and go see the silverback gorillas. That was something different than seeing a lion or something. you know, I'd go, I'd go and do that, but I would go and, you know, see a 700 pound linebacker walking through a bamboo forest.

0 (52m 50s):
That's that. What's that cheetah though staring at you right there? The, not this one, not the sand one. The next Leopard.

8 (52m 57s):
Leopard, yeah. A

0 (52m 58s):
Leopard. Yeah, leopard.

8 (52m 59s):
We were driving around, around a perimeter of a hilltop And. we knew there was a leopard up there, And. we couldn't find it. And then all of a sudden he popped out and said, here I am. I know you guys have been looking for me. Here I am. I know where you are too. That's

0 (53m 15s):
Awesome. Do you think, was it at that moment you thought about this leopard has no idea. Where's back baseball? Where's my ball? I don't put that thing high and tight. You keep looking at me like that.

8 (53m 26s):
I, I, I think, I think seeing this stuff and taking a picture of that, yeah, that's, it is just pretty cool stuff and beautiful. There's obviously a lot more, a lot more photographs that are on display from Ethiopia and, and I had a pretty, pretty interesting time in the Ethiopia and, and seeing the Ethiopian people there and understanding how they live and, and, and their culture and, and being able to take some photographs of them. And then, and then this stuff just kind of comes back 180, you know, and when we were growing up, I'm a little bit older than you, but when you're growing up and you're in sixth or seventh grade, you're looking at the National Geographic with the, with the Ethiopian lady with the plate in her lip. Well, you know, I've been to Ethiopia a co on a couple of different occasions.

8 (54m 9s):
I'm taking these pictures of the same thing. Mm. And I'm catching myself thinking, wow, I remember when I was a younger kid looking at these pictures. Now I'm taking 'em and I'm putting them on them. Exhibit myself

0 (54m 22s):
Pictures from the picture is really beautiful. Yep. There. It's so cool. And we're so thankful you joined us today. I, I know that the world is gonna want these bird ballparks directv.com Yes. Slash bird ballparks. You could potentially win one of these little bird stadium things. Sweet. And then also a millet mullet with Millet's bird feed with the mullet and the shape of what Randy had whenever he was a four straight Cy Young winner would win another one for five Cy Youngs absolute stallion. We appreciate you so much for joining us. Hopefully we'll get to talk to you soon.

8 (54m 58s):
Thanks Pat. Appreciate it man.

0 (55m 0s):
Hey, no sleep to Brooklyn. Crank Sherman. Yeah. Yeah. Lazy gentlemen. The big year to Randy Johnson. Hey Randy. Yeah. Yeah. I was trying to make it a hard time whenever they were in there. Yeah, yeah. Just knowing that he's six foot 10 up on a mound. So you're literally looking like that. Seven five.

6 (55m 20s):
Oh yeah. The ball gets on you quick.

0 (55m 21s):
Well then he buzzes, he buzzes the tower real quick and it's like, okay, alright. Am I just gonna eat one from the big unit right now? I hope not. And then he brings a crock. That all started passing. So sweet.

6 (55m 34s):
So sweet.

0 (55m 35s):
Yeah. Just, okay. Hilarious. All right. Yep. I get it. You have that in the arsenal.

6 (55m 41s):
Yeah. And then bust his ass with three right down the middle after that and strikes him out. Yeah.

0 (55m 44s):
And crock. He's literally bouncing out of the Yeah.

6 (55m 48s):
In the bucket. It looks like

0 (55m 49s):
Henry Rowan Gardner. Okay. And his first at bat. Yeah. He gets called up for the Cubs in the back corner. Yep. Of the batter's box. Just what a moment. What a stud. I had no idea that we could potentially have Randy Johnson on the show. So cool. As soon as it showed up, I was like, yeah, I don't know much about baseball, but I know the big unit course. Yeah. I would like chat with him. A deep guy. Yeah. Six trips to Africa, taking photos. He's got something in Scottsdale. He's got something. Yeah. In Coopers he said. Yeah.

6 (56m 15s):
Cooperstown.

0 (56m 15s):
Yeah. Wonderful. Wonderful. Baseball. Too much talk of baseball. Baseball. But we're talking to baseball studs. Yeah, exactly.

6 (56m 21s):
Like when you're talking to a

1 (56m 23s):
Randy Johnson or a ccc, it's about

0 (56m 25s):
Baseball. You're talking to athletes. Exactly.

1 (56m 26s):
Yeah. You're talking to icons here. I mean, 4,800 strike. I I I'm a noted not big baseball guy. Love Randy Johnson.

0 (56m 33s):
MBO sent me this text in the middle of this interesting stat. Had Randy Johnson never thrown a single pitch in his twenties, he would still rank fourth on the all time strike out list.

10 (56m 46s):
The 2024 NFL draft heads to Detroit and it's time to see who gets the job.

1 (56m 51s):
Caleb is a

10 (56m 52s):
Unique and

0 (56m 52s):
Special talent throwing the

10 (56m 54s):
Football. and what sets them apart? The

11 (56m 56s):
Heisen trophy winner is Jayden Daniels.

10 (56m 59s):
All of the greats we're hired here. The pro homes, see who gets the job are ready. The 2024 NFL draft begins Thursday, April 25th on ESPN A, B, C and NFL network. Four.

0 (57m 18s):
Our wonderful and sports create legends and icons. And, we just got done chatting with one of them and Randy Johnson. Randy, thank you for taking the time to join us. Can't wait to go on a photo talk trip with you to Africa someday day Hell. yeah. I won't go to you gone to those, see the soft ground wrestling organization. Okay.

1 (57m 34s):
That'd be cool.

0 (57m 34s):
I don't know if you've seen that promotion happening down there. That is where I would like to head to first, but then if we need to go out to the safari to take some photos, I'm certainly down with that. Not getting in one of those cars though. No, no. Because these elephants have just been running a while with their tusks at Evan Foxy, the man who pushes the controls to cut the cameras and edits the videos here. You went down there. Yeah. And you were letting this elephant just drink out of his pool. Yeah. Wild. I saw these videos. Did you know that that elephant A smarter than you B will remember you forever. Yeah. And then C could have picked that pool up and dumped it on you and your fiance if he wanted to. Did you know that? Yeah.

4 (58m 8s):
We knew that was possible, but that one was really friendly. That one was nice. Now, when we entered Africa, the very first animal we see is an elephant and he was not happy. He chased us down. The guy said, Nope, we're not stopping. He's pissed off because he wants to mate. So that's when they get mad is when they wanna mate.

0 (58m 24s):
Oh, so he wanted to bone your car.

4 (58m 26s):
Yes, exactly. So he saw us.

0 (58m 27s):
He was all pissed. I I won't bone this buck. Exactly. Exactly.

1 (58m 30s):
A bumper on that thing.

0 (58m 31s):
He's gonna take an elephant Don, look at the muffler. Look. The MI dunno if he can handle me, but we're gonna find

4 (58m 37s):
Out. Yeah. So that happened to us twice on the trip. It was actually really awesome.

0 (58m 40s):
Think about how handsome Foxy is too with his big dunk. Oh yeah. That

1 (58m 43s):
Elephant was right away. I

0 (58m 44s):
Won't give you a

1 (58m 45s):
Piece of that.

0 (58m 46s):
Years are, that's your fault. Foxy. You jeopardize everybody's life. Hope you're happy. the Toxic Table was here at Boston Connor and that Ty Schmidt caught man next Thursday night draft spectacular with Bill Belichick on YouTube ESPN dot com by ESPN plus TikTok live jacked up six to midnight for sure. Yeah.

1 (59m 2s):
Cannot wait. And I do feel like the ESPN dot com crowd is gonna really come through. You mentioned it earlier. I think those, those elder statesmen of this planet, they, they might be hammering that URL up there. I, I'm looking forward to it. There

0 (59m 17s):
May or may not be some 32nd commercials coming to a TV near you.

12 (59m 22s):
Okay.

0 (59m 24s):
Explaining to people how they could potentially find our show on draft Spectacular evening. Now we understand that every single day we're at least one hour only on the internet. And. we know that we lived for the last six years only on the internet. But there's a lot of humans that if they hear Bill Belichick's doing something, wait a minute, I like to listen to that guy. Check that guy out. So where do I go? A, B, C? No, A BC has a phenomenal broadcast with the college game day crew. Nick Saban will be there. Yep. Oh, oh, So I. Go to ESPN. No, ESPN will have Mike Greenberg. Mel Kuer. Yep. Field Yates. I believe the whole team there on ESPN. ESPN two No NHL Playoff game. So where So I heard, I heard, I heard Bill Belichick do.

0 (1h 0m 5s):
Where's that at? It's on the internet. That's right.

12 (1h 0m 7s):
Great. Great. Not doing that. Everything

0 (1h 0m 10s):
I like has to change. So we are gonna make this as easy as possible for people. We're gonna make a 32nd commercial. We are gonna flood some channels. Yep. With these 32nd commercials. And ESPN dot com I think is the easiest way to find it. youtube.com should be, it should. You would think it may be up there, but if their algos aren't sports algos,

12 (1h 0m 28s):
Yeah. Good luck. That

0 (1h 0m 29s):
Ain't gonna get there. you know, if you tell 'em Go TikTok. Okay. You talk about

12 (1h 0m 32s):
That, no chance. Yeah. You're talking about the

0 (1h 0m 34s):
China platform. Yeah.

12 (1h 0m 35s):
Not doing it. Okay. No way. I dunno if I gonna dance next. I don't think so.

0 (1h 0m 40s):
That's in my face. So we're not gonna promote that one ESPN Plus. Oh, I gotta download Of course. Gotta download it. Download an app. App is what you get for half price at Applebee's. That's right. I ain't downloading another app. So I think ESPN dot com is the easiest way for the no offense. This is a compliment the olds and hopefully this year we see an uptick in that particular demo. Yep. A lot of people say, I don't care about that demo. A lot of people say Whoa get the olds outta here. Gee,

12 (1h 1m 11s):
Who

0 (1h 1m 11s):
Says that? People say, I'm not saying I'm, people say, well they always say, well what's the rating You know from 18 to 49? Well for our particular program on the internet or analytics, 93% is from 18 to 49. Okay. Okay. Then you got like 4% is younger and then like 3% is older than this draft. Spectacular. It's

12 (1h 1m 32s):
Going I think so the roof, we're

0 (1h 1m 34s):
Getting the old 90% 50. Come on in

12 (1h 1m 36s):
The water's

0 (1h 1m 37s):
Just fine. Let's go to ESPN dot com And. it should be right in front of you. And I think this draft is about to be the best draft that we've ever had for sure. Because we have a never ending supply of football information sitting on the the desk with us. And I saw some reaction, you know, was negative majority positive. Sure you're getting this boring ass dude. Hey what you see at those press conferences. Okay. I think in his eyes, I don't know him that well. I don't know him as well as other people. I think he potentially thought that was hilarious to do that. I think whenever he's talking he is a hilarious per, if you listen to how he's saying what he's saying, he And, we will certainly Oh yeah.

12 (1h 2m 15s):
Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Problem.

0 (1h 2m 16s):
Have a little faith. Have a little faith. And for those of you that said, why are you having 'em on the draft gm, what is that? Because when I introduced him yesterday as the greatest general manager of all time, I had some people that say I'm a Patriots fan and I don't even believe that. Well, you're a doofus then. Yeah, exactly. How about that? Exactly. Everybody talks about him being the greatest coach of all time. 'cause it's coach Bill Belichick. Well he was also the general manager for the greatest dynasty in the history of professional sports. Six Super Bowls as the general manager win most super bowls of any N-F-L-G-M ever. Nine time a FC champion, eight consecutive a FC championships at one point during the run, 13 a FC championship appearances has had three hall of famers just now.

0 (1h 2m 57s):
Yep. But then you start adding in Wil Fork, Venet Terry, Bruce, you start going through all of them. Yeah. It's gonna end up probably double digits in this entire thing. Yeah. But he couldn't draft. Good. Okay. Okay. Well how about winning football games as a general manager? Greatest of all time And. We're lucky to be sharing the draft set with em and I'm sure he's excited to potentially give some takes on like the first 10 picks. Yes. Something that he didn't see Yeah. For like 20 years as the Patriot GM because they won so many games that they had a late draft pick in life is obviously, they've certainly found great draft picks later in the draft Brock party. Ella, that's the last pick of all time. That's right. But it's a much different conversation on hitting and missing at like 6, 7, 5 than it is at 30, 28, 29 bingo, 30.

0 (1h 3m 42s):
Oh yeah. Let alone everywhere else. And it's like, I don't understand why the disrespect is the way it is about him being a general manager. The guy's the only guy that's ever had in the history had success doing both. And he's done it more so than anybody else. I don't, I I I don't get that. That's a cult. Yeah, exactly.

1 (1h 3m 57s):
I'm in Indianapolis

0 (1h 3m 58s):
Saying that. I don't, I don't get why that's never a part of the convo.

1 (1h 4m 0s):
It's solely the draft. I mean it's, we've been dealing with it for the last four years. The conversation of Bill Belichick has lost at the everybody points to, well look at, look at his draft picks. He hasn't resigned a first round draft pick since, you know, 20 2010 or whatever the hell it was. But I mean, you, you said at the end of the first round, that's where they always were. Selfishly, as a Patriots fan, I wish that he could have had the experience of drafting in the top five like we do this year. That's going to be unbelievable. But the Hall of Famer thing, like sure. The Hall of Fame is where everyone's going. The amount of players that he got that weren't great through trades. I mean, I I and I, this isn't a shot at Calvin Van Noy whatsoever.

1 (1h 4m 41s):
Calvin Van Noy has accepted and said, I believe on this show, Hey, when I got to Detroit, my expectations were high. I was a, you know, second, third round pick and I had to perform and I didn't start my career off very well. We get Cal Van Noy and he immediately is one of the better players, if not one of the best players on our defense. Like the, the amount of times that happens just on its own. Jabal, she, he he came over. Yeah. Immediate impact. Martella Bennett first rounder, he comes over basically, I mean, I won't say he won the Super Bowl in Atlanta, but people forget Pastor Interference Martella Bennett set up the James White touchdown. They actually tried to throw it to Martella Bennett on a face. But the amount of times that happened, leg Gareth won. Where? Leg Gar Blunt and like the Hall of Fame thing. Are they counting like Revis or are they only saying the amount of players that he drafted?

1 (1h 5m 23s):
Yeah, Randy Moss. Randy Moss. 'cause like, I, I can think of five off the top of my head, so I'm not sure about that. But still like the amount of players careers that he changed. Like Randy Moss was traded for a fourth round pick. People kind of wrote Randy Moss off at when he went to the Raiders. Randy Moss comes to New England, he breaks the single season touchdown record with Tom Brady. Like the amount of times that happened doesn't get well

0 (1h 5m 44s):
And he drafted Tom Brady Bingo. Yeah. So like pick 1 99. Well if it wasn't for Tom Brady, he'd be nothing. Well, who drafted? Yeah. Yeah. Tom Brady who taught and coached Tom Brady. Who, who does Tom Brady give a lot of him? So like enough, I I just, I I don't

2 (1h 5m 59s):
It was the Youngs Pat. It was the Youngs, yeah.

1 (1h 6m 1s):
Those people who say that he isn't a good GII am leaning towards Tony. Like I don't think they fully grasp what football is. Well

0 (1h 6m 7s):
This is kinda, and this is incredibly stupid, like the way we're going about doing our thing in sports media. Okay. Like we license our show to ES esp, we own the show. We have full creative freedom. We are the ones deciding what goes on, what doesn't go on, not somebody else. That was tough for a lot of people to understand because it did, it hadn't happened that way in a lot. So there'd be a lot of things being said and it's like, nah, that's not how this goes with him being the GM and the coach. People aren't used to that. So it's not like a normal thing. Well there had to be somebody else. Like no, he's the, he's the one. Well there's no way he was able to do both exact. That's what we're saying. Yeah. He was able to do both. Yeah. Now he had great assistance.

0 (1h 6m 48s):
Rio was in there. Lombardi came in at different times. Like there's a lot of greatness that has come from his general manager tree, even though we talk about his coaching tree. But it's like the lack of respect on him as a GM was just like befuddling from some of the people that I saw yesterday and on college game day when I said it to him, to his face, there was some people that responded like gm. Yeah, right. It's like, so if there was any other general manager and they were the general manager for the greatest dynasty in the history of sport and had more Super Bowls than anybody else and had more a FC championship appearance, anybody like, would that GM be Yep. The greatest G Yes. There you go. So what are we even talking about here? I don't fully understand. We get him for the entire first round alongside of how our dumb A is one half of the hammer dad cowboys tone digs

2 (1h 7m 30s):
And, and you talk about drafting at the end at least 13 times within the bottom four if you're going the a FC championship. 13 times at least. Brandon Bean came out today and said, we don't have a graft. First round graft trade for 28 guys said they're picking at 28 or whatever. And and he said that's more than they had, but they have more first round draft grades this year than they did last year. So I assume teams all the time. Like there's not 32 first round draft grades on these guys. So you're, you're taking guys that, that are more of a, a risk and when you're draft Yeah,

0 (1h 7m 59s):
We gotta remember the way the draft is covered. Everybody's hall of famer. Yeah.

2 (1h 8m 2s):
Want a hall of

0 (1h 8m 2s):
Famer, everybody's hall of famer. If it doesn't work out well, what happened then? Well, some situations are certainly, you know, tough and coaching and players in front of people and maybe injuries take place and you get unlucky and everything like that. But also like, sometimes you're just not able to make a team because the draft class ahead of you, the draft class 10 years ahead of you still has a guy taking up the spot. It's like, it's a tough thing and I don't understand. Joining us now is a man who's a college football national champion, a Super Bowl champion, actually saw him win Super Bowl this morning. Yeah. He against Pittsburgh Steelers on NFL Network. Sweet. And people forget in the first quarter he had a reception. He did. Aaron Rogers has Brett Keel crashing down on him.

0 (1h 8m 45s):
Aaron Overthrows Jordy, who's on the sideline to catch that thing? AJ. Hawk. Wow. That's first quarter. That's right. His awareness first quarter of Super Bowl is at an all time high. His hand's phenomenal. He's currently the president of Ohio. Ladies and gentlemen, AJ Hawk, aj you remember catching that bow in the first quarter.

13 (1h 9m 3s):
I do remember catching a, an errant throw by Aaron or maybe, I think he threw it away, didn't he?

0 (1h 9m 8s):
Keel was

13 (1h 9m 9s):
Inish. It is real.

0 (1h 9m 10s):
Yeah. I'll

13 (1h 9m 10s):
Say it was a throw. Throwaway keel was a monster. I all respect to Keel. He is a monster. I'll get rid of that thing.

0 (1h 9m 14s):
Well, so are you, we saw you tackle ab Yeah. Destroyed him. Yeah, there was, you had a big game. I love that. Hey, you had a big Super Bowl.

13 (1h 9m 21s):
I don't know about that. I tell you what, yeah, I, I'm very happy we won. No question about that. Very happy we won. That's all matters.

0 (1h 9m 26s):
Don't have to redo that game. Yeah, happy, happy we won that one and got on it. I just did a, you know, because the announcement of Bill Belichick yesterday obviously goes big. A lot of very positive things. But then if you see some of the comments, it's like, why would you want Bill for the draft? Like he's not like, what are we even talking about? Why

13 (1h 9m 42s):
Would you not want Bill for the draft? He's been in the NF NFL for 40 something years straight. This is his first time he's going to be experiencing the draft. That he's not like drafting people or taking a big part of it. And if you watched even two seconds of when he came on yesterday, the dude was very talkative and seemed like very engaged and he wants to like, he was teasing things like he wants to do a good job. Like it's gonna be fun for

0 (1h 10m 2s):
The good of the sport. Like he, he loves the sport. Bingo loves the sport, loves the league, like passionate about it for the good of everybody here, let's make sure we do this right. It is kind of how the conversation has gone with him and the amount, like how open he's b like yes, we have conversa. I have conversations with him in the morning and here and the boys get to hear it and we're kind of scheming like the amount of things where he has an idea, okay, he wants to do it, but then at the end he'd go, oh, you tell me. Is that what we're doing? I'm like, you tell me. Is that what we're doing? He's like, not my show. This is your show. It's like, well it sounds like, sounds like, sounds like you have some idea though. We need to not harness these things. He's like, all right, good. We'll do that. Then I'm like, sweet. And he's like, we need to explain stuff to people, don't we?

0 (1h 10m 43s):
Before the draft starts, don't you think like before things happen we need to do it. So you wanna do like a countdown or a kickoff to the show like 30 minutes beforehand? Yeah. Yeah. That should be good. Yeah. Okay. What are we gonna talk about? I was like, you, what do you think we should talk about? He's like, well there's all these conversations about like best available versus need and all these other trade conversations and point values for all these things. Like all these things you could talk, we should talk about this. And then like kind of, I'll give my take on it. My take is not how everybody views it. Our board is not how everybody's board's gonna be, but at least we'll be able to debunk some things and hopefully further explain some things. I'm like, I love it. It has been a huge honor getting a chance to chat with him and next Thursday I think he is gonna be electrifying.

0 (1h 11m 28s):
Yeah. I am very pumped up about it. aj.

13 (1h 11m 30s):
I mean, think how many, like the millions of questions are gonna pop up that we're just gonna try to pepper him with, with everything that is going on. I know Lombardi talks about, they have a pretty unique grading system on how they grade players. A lot of other teams I think have carried on that same grading system. So, I'd like, yeah, it'd be fun to ask Bill, like, Hey, is that still what you, what you guys do? Is that what you did for this? Like all of

0 (1h 11m 50s):
It. He is an artist with the F word. An artist. Nice Picasso. Absolute artist. I, I don't know if that is very well known. you know, I know that him not talking, not drinking coffee a day in his entire life made political news last night. Yep. Fair. That was a big deal. I, I think the more things we learned about him, there's gonna be bigger news. But I think what we're gonna learn on next Thursday night is his brain is just still Yeah. And has the memory to 1982 draft on probably even earlier than that. It's absurd.

2 (1h 12m 20s):
All of that aside, I mean he talked about it yesterday doing trades with Andy. He's done, he's done trades with what, 30? Probably of the 32 GMs. Just because there's a couple new GMs this year. So he can give us an insight because he knows these people personally. He is worked with him for 20 plus years on what they are thinking too.

0 (1h 12m 34s):
Listen to this shit. He called me this morning and rattled off three GMs and was like, do we wanna talk to this guy? And I'm like, yeah, I know. Draft night's pretty busy. He goes, well once they make the pick though, there's really nothing unless they're gonna trade again. There's really nothing going on. I'm like, if we could talk, that'd be cool. He goes, yeah, it won't be a problem. I'm like, boom. He's booking bill's booking the show. Yeah, unreal. Bill Belichick is booking the show. It is. He's fully invested. We're very grateful. We can't wait for next Thursday night. We hope you will join us. Let's pivot away from the NFL. Let's go to the NBA. There's a lot going on. Obviously playoffs are starting. The playing games just took place and there's a lifetime banishment that just took place because of a sports gambling situation.

0 (1h 13m 14s):
Two, break it all down ladies and gentlemen. ESPN, NBA pundit and All Star. Hey, now you are an all star star. Get your game on. Go. Go play. Okay, talk ladies. Jim, Brian WinDor. What's up, Wendy

15 (1h 13m 32s):
Special. Hello to Mr. Hawk. One of my all time favorite Buckeyes who I will always acknowledge as such when I'm honored to be on. That's just the way it's gonna be. Sorry everyone else.

0 (1h 13m 42s):
Hey, let's not have a Greg Doyle situation here, but I, I do appreciate back.

15 (1h 13m 50s):
Maybe I mean it and I still think you were robbed with the Lombardi trophy or the TCUs Trophy. I'm, I'm still, I'm not over it. I hope you are right,

13 (1h 13m 57s):
Right back at you Wendy. The old, the old heart situation. I don't even know everything that went on with Greg Doyle, but that sounded weird. Yeah,

0 (1h 14m 3s):
Yeah. you know everything that went on. And then there was a couple follow ups and an article, obviously a column And it got worse. Got worse. I mean it only got worse. Yeah. Kept getting worse. It only got worse. Let's pivot away from that. Wendy, I appreciate you acknowledging our Ohio chief. Yeah, AJ Hawk as well. That's very kind of you Wendy. The boys will talk about the playing games and everything. I wanna talk about the controversy. Okay. I wanna talk about the controversy. We've had it in the NFLA couple different times where players, because of the ability to track everything that's happening on all these apps and different family members potentially signing in and on premises, these bets taking place. Guys have gotten caught. There's been a year long ban. Now we believe it's the reason why it's a year long ban and on a eternal ban is because they weren't betting on their own teams to lose.

0 (1h 14m 50s):
That's happening in the NBA and what all do we know about this situation? Is the NBA scared that there's more to this than just JTA porter or do they think that this is all that it is?

15 (1h 15m 1s):
Well, I don't think the investigations are over and even outside the NBA, so, but the NBA got enough to act here. So he did accordingly. He did at least three things that even if any one of them would've probably got a banned one. He obviously appeared to alter his own performance for a bet, which is in this case, he took himself out of the game where he said he was sick and there was major action in a including a seven figure bet that ended up a parlay that ended up not being paid out and on. Basically built around him not playing. So that's number one. He altered his own performance. Number two, he communicated with gamblers about inside information with the team, which is a huge no-no in the NBA.

15 (1h 15m 42s):
And these players are told repeatedly about it because especially in the NBA player, availability in an individual game is humongous information and often is kept secret even when it's known. So even though the NBA has changed their rules to more mimic the NFL in recent years to try to get more accurate and timely injury information and they'd even find some teams for not accurately doing it. One of the holes in the NBA's system in my view is there's at least several dozen people know that a star player is not gonna play in the afternoon and the player is listed as questionable. Sometimes it's listed as doubtful and they've gotten better with that.

15 (1h 16m 23s):
But we see all the time star players listed as questionable and then they're out. And so a player who is competing in with, with gamblers with inside information, big no, no. So that was strike two. Strike three. Obviously wagering on the NBA and in this case wagering on his own team. Now to lose says

0 (1h 16m 41s):
Lose Wendy to lose.

15 (1h 16m 42s):
Right. Well, and look, and the Raptors, I think lost like 20 of their last 23 games. Benny against the Raptors wasn't exactly an outrageous position to me. But I will say You know what, you know what's crazy about this to me, and I don't know Jont, I've never met 'em. The Raptors were tanking after the middle of the season. They traded away a couple of their, their star players. They were highly incentivized to go way down because their pick, if it was lower than six or lower, they kept it. If it was seven or higher, it went to San Antonio. So they were highly incentivized to lose. And as a result they traded away star players. They, you know, there was a couple other unfortunate situations where there were players who had deaths, deaths in their families and they were away from the team.

15 (1h 17m 29s):
And so players like at the end of the bench and two-way players were getting opportunities to play and show themselves to rest of the league. And Jont was getting those chances. This is a guy who, his story is actually kind of an inspiring story. He blew his ACL twice in college, tore his ACL then was recovering to it again within a year. Then he was in the league for a cup of coffee two years ago and outta the league for two years. This is a common story. A guy gets a chance, doesn't make it, we never see him again. Next thing You know, whatever happened to that guy while he is playing in Lithuania, he's playing in Australia, he's playing in China. This guy now got back to the league and now he's playing because his team is tanking. And he actually was having a couple of good games.

15 (1h 18m 10s):
He had a, one of the reasons why the sports books were putting prop bets up was 'cause he was having games where he had 10.6 rebound, six assists. He was actually potentially keeping himself in the league. And for him to take that situation and spike it by him, by spiking his own games, that's a stunning, that's stunning to me. Like I said, I don't know him, I don't know his personality, but that's one of the most fascinating things about this story.

0 (1h 18m 36s):
Amen. And. it turns out that he was only allegedly 21,000 bucks. Geez. Okay. 21,000 bucks net positive and goling 50 some thousand. But then you think about that $80,000 wager. Yes. That turned yes but yeah. Yeah. Turned into a million dollars A the sports book goes ah, a million bucks, huh? One night. Okay, yeah, we're gonna talk about this. you know, they say Pigs get fed, hogs get slaughtered. It's like, in this particular case, way too alarming. Like it's also dumb. Not only is it like illegal and wide, you know, all these other things that you could potentially throw it. It's incredibly dumb the way they want about doing it. It, it just, all of it's stupid.

0 (1h 19m 18s):
And I guess no league is above these types of situations taking place, but the stern punishment will hopefully be enough for the NBA guys to realize that this is something that can't happen as the NFL has tried to do this and the MLB with show hay and his translator, they've had to deal with it. It's like sports gambling's gonna be around, but we can't let it destroy our leagues that we love because then everything's gone and Yeah, I,

15 (1h 19m 41s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will say this, the league can say we caught this pretty fast. Maybe we don't know everything about it, but they caught it pretty fast. Within about 48 hours of this second event. They had 'em already sort of deactivated. He, you know, career basically pulled the plug on him and they, you know, they would never say this, but he's kind of a perfect player to make an example of. With all due respect, no one's gonna miss him. All due respect. Yeah,

0 (1h 20m 10s):
Well he bet against his own team.

13 (1h 20m 11s):
His and brother's gonna miss him.

0 (1h 20m 13s):
His brother's gonna miss him. No, his brother's gonna be disown him. He bet. Against his own team. You think about no team wants to sign a guy that's betting against his own demons. No, nobody wants that. I mean that, you're right. That is not a bad situation to make an example out of them. But the example needs to be made so that people don't, like we don't, this can't happen as sports media members. Okay. And sports fans, this can happen. All these leagues can't get ruined by this while sports gambling is coming in. Even though we love sports gambling. Like we enjoy it, love it. We think you gotta do it responsibly. You gotta be smart, you gotta be of age and legalize sports. Gambling has regulated so much to protect people from themselves. Hopefully that is the goal and the end of this whole thing. But it can't ruin the leagues. And I think we're all on the same page. Good news.

0 (1h 20m 53s):
AJ has a question for you, Wendy, our Ohio chief.

13 (1h 20m 56s):
Yes. Wendy. A move the Olympics. So the rosters came out the, it's official now. What do you think of the rosters? What do you think our chances are of just running through the competition over there? And also is, does anyone have a valid argument that you think got left off the team?

15 (1h 21m 9s):
Well we're not gonna run through it because I'm telling you. Oh,

0 (1h 21m 12s):
Wendy, you anti-American piece of trash. Wow. I, yeah, I cannot, but you're from Ohio. What the hell? You're from

15 (1h 21m 18s):
Ohio. Got that right. The heart of it all

0 (1h 21m 21s):
But Ohio, England maybe. Yeah. What does that even mean?

15 (1h 21m 25s):
I know. Yeah, the, this inter, I know the ba, it's hard to care about basketball in July and August 'cause that's when the tournament's gonna be. And we're gonna go through this next two months of high intensity NBA and then it's gonna be, we're gonna be watching football training camp stuff. And it's like, oh yeah, by the way, there's these games. But this Olympic tournament coming up in Paris will be the highest level international basketball event in the history of the sport. There are gonna be absolute bloodbaths over there. Hell. yeah. And unfortunately this team that we've put out this week is only a wishlist because we have played four games of playoff basketball so far and we've already got two stars.

15 (1h 22m 6s):
Hurt Zion, you know, hurt his hamstring and Jimmy Butler hurt his knee last night. And so it's great for that LeBron at his age and and in indeed despite his injury history and you know, Durant who owes a team USA nothing, he's been the greatest team. USA player in history is gonna go through and play all this when they really have earned their, their summers off. But we just don't know who's gonna be healthy between now and

0 (1h 22m 32s):
Tyrese. Halver's not losing to any other country. No change.

15 (1h 22m 35s):
Tyrese. Tyree Halliburton was awesome for team USA last year. There was actually a World Cup last summer. Nobody paid attention to it. Really? It was happening in the middle of the night I was there. It was in the Philippines. We finished fourth And, we lost three times. We lost three times to European teams. Well that's

0 (1h 22m 52s):
When LeBron put out the tweet said, I'm playing never again.

13 (1h 22m 55s):
We doing this shit.

0 (1h 22m 56s):
Right. Isn't that what happened? He rallied the boys. He was like, Hey, one last

15 (1h 22m 59s):
Rodeo. Yeah. And I hope LeBron. Yeah and I mean, and LeBron the other night, at the end of that game, after dealing with Zion twice in 72 hours was dead. His legs were dead. So I'm hoping that he's, I mean last year he had to shut it down the whole summer to deal with the foot injury. Like I'm just hoping these guys are healthy. So yeah, there are snubs like you could say why in Jalen Brunson, naked, Jalen Brunson's one of the top five players in the league this year. People are upset that Kyrie Irving didn't make it. Especially 'cause Kyrie was one of the guys who said I wanna play. And he's played in the past. Guys who have played in the past tend to typically get like special credit, but just 'cause you're your favorite player or if you're one of these players, And it not on the list. First off, there's still one roster spot.

15 (1h 23m 39s):
Second off Kyrie, we gotta see Healthy

1 (1h 23m 41s):
Kauai I thought got the last one.

0 (1h 23m 44s):
Did he?

15 (1h 23m 45s):
Oh, that's right. You're correct. You're informing. Oh

0 (1h 23m 47s):
Ka the last basketball program. Basketball program.

15 (1h 23m 52s):
Well done guys. Cutting edge as usual. Yeah.

0 (1h 23m 55s):
Whitney, it sounds like you took a little shot there. Okay. We don't know if Norby put you up to it or not. We do appreciate,

15 (1h 24m 1s):
I'm sorry, who?

0 (1h 24m 3s):
It's been a, anytime USA is competing in anything like the Olympics, it is just a reason to be obnoxiously patriotic. Yeah. Yeah. And, it sounds like we're maybe not gonna be able to just be blindly talking shit to everybody, but if Kyrie Irving can't make the team, I got a lot of faith in what we're gonna do to whoever. Let's talk about another country stud. Connor's got a question for you Wendy.

1 (1h 24m 24s):
Yeah, Wendy, obviously, you know the, with the playoffs starting the playing games are awesome. I feel like they've been a huge success. But the teams that are already in the Bucks, in particular Giannis, he is not playing on Sunday against the Pacers. What is his status going forward? And this is kind of, it feels as though something that's been lingering. Is there a worry that there is a possible Kevin Durant's, Toronto Raptor situation where it's been a strain for a long time and then, you know, there is that chance that it could turn into Achilles or is this a completely different type of thing?

15 (1h 24m 55s):
Boy, wasn't it worrisome the way he just went down? Oh yeah, yeah. He was basically just walking. Right. And so before this injury happened, he was a late scratch from a game about a month before with an Achilles soreness on that same side. And also like a week before Dr. Rivers said he, he should have pulled him out of the game 'cause he didn't think he was moving right Now, just think about this in football terms, aj, if you were questionable or doubtful on Tuesday and the game was on Sunday, you know, you would probably work during the week and you probably wouldn't make a decision maybe until Friday or Saturday or Sunday.

0 (1h 25m 32s):
The fact that

15 (1h 25m 33s):
Yeah, or even Sunday, the fact that he was already ruled out on Tuesday, that was really worrisome. And, and, and as you mentioned, this didn't just come outta nowhere. He had been dealing with this leg issue for some period of time. Only he knows for how long and when they did that Achi when when they sat him down with the Achilles soreness, it was right before the game. Achilles is clear. He was like warming up. Yeah, he was warming up And it started to bother him. So, you know, you, you just start to wonder about that sort of stuff, stuff. And also Dame Lillard isn't a hundred percent right. He missed a practice earlier this week with an abductor injury. Oh no real. Now he was supposed to come back to practice today and a couple years ago Dame had a s sports hernia surgery.

15 (1h 26m 18s):
So he's had issues with sort of those abdominal muscles in the past and look like at the end of the season, a lot of players have sore muscles. It's not like this is a huge cause for alarm, but they now need Dame to be awesome. Like, especially just games get their, their offense going, need 'em these first few games if he's gonna be out and they're playing a team that when four one on them in the regular season. Now I'm gonna tell you one of the classic mistakes that everybody makes, including those of us who cover the league every day is to equate the regular season in the playoffs. Every year we get to the, to this point in the year And, we see the playoffs And, we go, oh yeah, it's different. But that said, the Pacers had so much success against the Bucks this year, including beating them in that big in-season tournament semi-final in Vegas.

15 (1h 27m 4s):
You're damn right that I think they'll come into the game. Oh yeah. With put a banner on with You know confidence and you've got You know Giannis out for who knows how long, and you got Dane potentially limping. Like I got, I got guys who I really trust telling me Pacers are winning this series. I say let's wait and see. But the Bucks have so much skin in the game here with what they did with the coach, with what they did with the Lillard trade, with where they're at, with how they've mortgaged all their draft picks going forward. Man, this is a, this is a tough moment for the Bucks.

0 (1h 27m 39s):
Kailyn Clark's playing for the Pacers too, I heard. Yeah, this weekend during playoffs she could, yeah, it might be game time to CC Buckets would get to cc how it goes.

15 (1h 27m 47s):
She would get buckets in the NBA game big time. I don't know at the other end of the court it might be difficult, but she would light some dudes up.

0 (1h 27m 54s):
What do he say? Yeah, of course she would. No, what are you saying? Win? She's a down we stand that worse tone has another question about a little bit of health, especially if you do a big guy. Yeah.

2 (1h 28m 4s):
You actually mentioned it when you were talking about Embiid in the, in the Olympics. It didn't look, it doesn't look like her And, it appears he is definitely not 100% coming off the injury that he sustained early in the year. Do we know his health going in, not only into the, into the series coming up, but like is there a percentage that, has he talked about where he's at as far as as health and is he gonna be able to make it through this next series?

15 (1h 28m 25s):
Yeah, that was one of the takeaways from last night was, I mean, regardless of how the knee felt his endurance was, was was tough. And, that was a high level game. You know the stakes of that game about playing the Knicks or potentially playing the Celtics. No offense to the Knicks, but they're not the Celtics. Oh. you know, it's, it's a big difference. And those teams played like it And it wore 'em out. Now look, I think in general, other than the Celtics and the Nuggets, those two teams are clear favorites in my mind to win their series. The other six series, I don't think there's such thing as an upset. Okay. The, the, the how tightly packed it is in the West and the, and the intensity and some of the injuries in the East and calling the Sixers a seven seed is ridiculous.

15 (1h 29m 9s):
They were 32 and eight this year when Indeed played. That ain't a seven seed, which is why some of the Knicks fans are kind of bummed that they work so hard to get the two seed. Now they gotta face this team. Aw. So when, when Mbbi is there, they're tough man. But Mbbi has struggled to get through individual playoff series in his career. He has several times suffered, suffered knee injuries. A couple years ago he got hit in the face and broke a bone in his face during the playoffs and he missed playoff games. Oh, just him staying on the court is so hard. But here's the thing, the Knicks play the slowest tempo in the league. In fact, Jalen Brunson, here's a statue on here every day.

15 (1h 29m 49s):
Jalen Brunson led the league this year in dribbles by like hundreds because the Knicks play really, really slow. They play old school basketball. He dribble it up and mbi that helps him be because MBI can't be running up and down the floor. If, if B was playing the Pacers, that would be hard because he's gonna have to move against the Knicks. He can play a little slower that should neighbor him. And if he stays healthy, they got a great chance.

0 (1h 30m 15s):
That was 50.

15 (1h 30m 16s):
There you go. Okay, that was 50. You need another like 400 and you'd have an average night for Brunson. They

0 (1h 30m 22s):
Track a dribbles for, I mean, oh yeah,

15 (1h 30m 24s):
That's

0 (1h 30m 25s):
A tedious clock. Somebody hates that job. Hopefully. ai. Oh my god. It's

15 (1h 30m 30s):
Ai. It's ai.

0 (1h 30m 31s):
Okay. Oh, so we can't do You know. Let's take our job, our job taking our job. They're taking our jobs. We don't know if they're right either. We're just assuming that Yeah, they're right, they're right. Are they, did you hear the AI Kendrick Lamar this? It was, it was crap. It was crap. And I thought it was him. A little different. Apples and oranges. What count's a little easier than rap? Shout out all the pairs too. Hey, Ricky dropped a new song. Love it. He did. I mean, things are really cooking right now. Can't wait to hear champagne poppy bounce back. Did you see what he did with Channing k Crowders wife? Yeah. No dudes Crowders. Yeah, he is. Drake is an ab. Anyways, let's get back to basketball. Hanging out with, so

15 (1h 31m 8s):
You guys are all over my head. I have no idea what you're talking about. It's

0 (1h 31m 11s):
All right. You got NBA stuff going right now. When you, when the season's done and you don't care about the United States of America playing, then you'll be able to catch up with all the rap beef rap beefs going on. We do know that you've been plugged into the Bron camp literally since high school. We have the photo. We've seen this before. Yep. We know that you've been there since the beginning of this entire thing over there in Ohio. There's a lot of chatter about Bronny entering the transfer portal. Yeah, that's him right here. Yeah, that's, that's you, right? What Wendy? Right here?

15 (1h 31m 39s):
Yeah. I I really had big arms. I played defensive tackle for Ohio State where that

0 (1h 31m 44s):
And black arms, nobody really understood my teammate. She listen,

15 (1h 31m 49s):
That's why You know you can't see. Yeah. Yeah.

0 (1h 31m 50s):
That's why he wears a suit. That's right. That's why he wears a suit. You know does what? So we know you've been plugged in a long time into the LeBron James camp. One of the coaches potentially here, a friend here is now head coach at Duquesne. Old coach was the coach at Duane Brony answers Anders the transfer portal. People are like, all right, is he gonna the NBA he is gonna G League, but then you got people in Pittsburgh, they're like, he's coming to Duane. Yeah. Yeah. That is where long way to tell. Do you have any insight information on what's going on with Bronny and is the goal still for LeBron to play alongside Bronny on a team?

15 (1h 32m 22s):
Yeah, so that's, LeBron kind of changed his, his, the way he's talked about that during the season. He made it clear that that was his dream. It wasn't necessarily bro's dream to play with him. Sorry. Sorry

0 (1h 32m 36s):
Dad. You shut up Dad. I would punish dad

15 (1h 32m 39s):
And I know that Bronny has like, put statements out on Instagram. I really would like, you know, he's never really done any, an interview, and I'm not even saying he's gotta do an interview, but I would love for us to stop guessing and asking You know LeBron about what Bronny wants. I would love it if Bronny would just come out and say, this is what I want. Whether it's in an interview or whether he just makes a video or whether he comes on your show. No. And says, I wanna, this is what I would like to do game. And then there's clarity and there's no, there's no barriers. Here's what I'm gonna say. When I talk to scouts about Bronny, they don't think that he was able to put his best foot forward this year because USC didn't play him in the, in his position, they had several different guard prospects that were, you know, NFL and, and sorry NBA draft prospects.

15 (1h 33m 24s):
And he played sort of on the wing. They say he should play point guard, which is where he played and excelled when he was in high school. And he obviously had that terrible health event that happened last summer. And he was expected to go right into playing Pac 12 basketball with no real buildup, rest in peace. So what the scouts are saying to Pac to me is that they've got to, he's, he should go play someplace where he can show that he can be a point guard and he can build up his skills. And that may not be USC.

0 (1h 33m 54s):
Duane will Pat the ball. He'll, he'll be Jalen Brunson, Dr. Big. Yeah. He'll have the stats of Du Kane.

15 (1h 33m 59s):
I would love it. You're talking to somebody who went to the Duane games at the NCAA tournament to support Drew Joyce and Keith Dan and the Dukes Hell. yeah. And I would love nothing more than to see, to see him play at Duque. I think it'd be great for him to play in the A 10. My guess is he'll wanna play closer to home. But the NBA scouts on seeing like, like you see a lot of people who just put him down and say he an NBA player, he's not ready. Okay. That's not, that's not what the people that I talk to are saying. Well, I, people I talk to are saying he didn't get to, they didn't get to see him play his real position this year. So they wanna see him do that. And maybe that happens in the G League. Maybe that happens in Summer league. Maybe college basketball isn't the best venue. Okay. But I think with awareness, he would really benefit from playing another year in college.

15 (1h 34m 42s):
Especially since he's one of the highest paid NIL guys in all college sports. Yeah. Like just from a business standpoint and So I think all in, talking to Rich Paul, who is his agent. I think all of those things are on the table and they're evaluating it. One of the big things with bro, he's gonna have to go through the NBA draft process. They're gonna wanna see him, they're gonna wanna put him through all the medicals and stuff like that. They're gonna wanna put him through all the measurables at their combine in May. After that happens, which I'm, which he's gotta go through, then we'll have a better answer about what his short-term future might look like.

0 (1h 35m 16s):
Hey Bronny, we're pulling for you bud. Big

6 (1h 35m 18s):
Again,

0 (1h 35m 19s):
Bro, not easy to be LeBron James, his son, obviously. Oh man. So any of that. And people are gonna wanna see him fail obviously. 'cause there's people that wanna see LeBron James fail still at this stage of the entire thing. Bronny, we hope you go on and just absolutely dominate pal. Build your own career, do your own path, you deserve it.

15 (1h 35m 34s):
And doing at Duque, right? And doing two

0 (1h 35m 36s):
Boom. Definitely. You should go take a tour around Duane, maybe go down the south side one night. That NIL deal will be able to serve you a long way down there at about 50 cent drafts on every single night in Pittsburgh. We would appreciate it. Let's continue to talk about the future of the NBA, because, hey, sad days, You know I said rest in peace to the PAC 12. They're dead. Wendy, the PAC 12 is dead. The only place that wasn't able to get a TV deal somehow whenever everybody was paying for live sports, somehow the PAC 12 wasn't able to accomplish that. It's a bummer. I am bummed out. It's not good for anybody. Both. That being said, there's another entity dying too, right in front of our eyes. Ty is a question for you.

6 (1h 36m 12s):
Yeah. Wendy is the prevailing idea that the Warriors are going to blow everything up. I know like right after a lot of people said that, but then all the articles came out like, well actually maybe their championship window isn't closed. Maybe they run, run it back and bring all these guys back. Even though they were the 10 seat and they got embarrassed by the Kings. But then a lot of people are also saying like, Hey Clay Thompson, he's gonna make a shit load of money. Whether that's in Miami or one of these other places that you know would be willing to pay him. Chris Paul came out recently and said like, Hey, I'm not done yet. I got a, I got a lot of basketball left. What are the warriors going to do moving into the

15 (1h 36m 49s):
Future? Well, I don't think they wanna break up these three guys. Obviously Steph and Draymond are under contract and Clay is gonna take a pay cut. They don't have AdChoices. He, he's made 43 million this year. I think there's, I think there's a number that he can come in at with the Warriors where they can pay him a good figure, And, that they can achieve cost savings. The big question is to me, can the Warriors improve this roster without spending 400 million? 'cause they spent $380 million this year when including the luxury taxes. And that's a big number now, by the way, they were a better team this year than they were last year. And you may say no way they, they didn't even make the playoffs this year and last year we made the second round. But I'm telling you, considering Draymond crushed them with that 20 game suspension across all those suspensions, they actually won more games than regular season this year.

15 (1h 37m 37s):
The west was just much better. And last year they got a more favorable draw. This year it was just harder. The question is, they gonna still spend, 'cause their owner, Joe Jacob came out on the record a couple of months ago and said, we wanna get under the luxury tax. And to do that, they're probably gonna have to cut Chris Paul, he's got a $31 million non-guaranteed contract for next year. They let, let's say they get, they cut Chris Paul say, thank you, go on elsewhere. 31 million off the books. Let's say they get Clay to take a $20 million pay cut. They say they bring him down to 23 or 20 million. He still averaged 18 points this year. Shot 39% from three, led the league in free throw shooting.

15 (1h 38m 18s):
Like he's still an excellent player. That's $50 million in savings right there. With those two moves. They don't do anything else. They're outta the tax and things are better. But is their team better? Can they get better? So that's why the Chris Paul thing is a question. If they pick up Chris Paul's contract and then they take, they've got a few draft picks left. Plus they have these young guys, they got four young guys who they play who are really interesting. Brandon Poky, trace Jackson Davis, which you might have heard of there in Indiana. Who, who? Moses. Moses. Moses Moody. Jonathan Minga, who is one of the better young players in the Western conference. Great name. And they're willing to package all that together. They could go star hunting and add to the roster. Maybe they could put Andrew Wiggins in that deal.

15 (1h 38m 58s):
But it's gonna be really hard if they do what Joe Lake has said. And that's reduced the payroll. By the way, if they bring that team back next year, this team won 27 and 12 down the stretch. Those young players get a little bit better. Draymond doesn't get suspended three different times. Maybe they're the four or five. Steve is there. Does that mean they're a championship window? I don't know about that. They're not what they were six, seven years ago. But this is not a team that you're taking the TNT to and saying Bill blow to a thousand pieces.

0 (1h 39m 25s):
Oh, TNT. Not Turner. You're talking about

6 (1h 39m 28s):
T-N-T-O-T. TNTO. Oy.

0 (1h 39m 36s):
Oy. That's what you're talking about. You're talking about fracking.

15 (1h 39m 39s):
You. got it. Yeah. Oh

0 (1h 39m 40s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Come in sideways here. Yep. Steal somebody else's wall. I think that's what it is. Yeah. I think that's, you go into, so you steal, you're stealing it. You go in through, I think I did a little bit more research on this entire thing. So. I. Guess you go down you and then you're going sideways. Sideways. That's the frack going into somebody to get the potentially. I think that that happens in the fracking world. Every once in a while. It's a dirty game. It's a dirty game. It's a dirty game. You think You got it. 'cause it's below you. Uhuh neighbor's coming in the side door,

15 (1h 40m 11s):
They drink your milkshake. Remember there will be blood. They drink your milkshake.

6 (1h 40m 14s):
Bingo. Daniel planned you.

0 (1h 40m 17s):
I don't know what that means.

6 (1h 40m 19s):
He basically sold, sold this guy all this land for a bunch of money. And then he was like, oh, guess what? I already drilled all the oil from this I

0 (1h 40m 26s):
Win. And then what? He drank a milkshake.

6 (1h 40m 28s):
He said, I already drank your milkshake. I drank it up. And then he takes a bowling pin and hits him in the head and kills him. Is a movie. Yeah. Great movie. Unbelievable.

15 (1h 40m 37s):
It's a feel good. It's a feel good. Three hours.

0 (1h 40m 39s):
What? Move? Three hours.

6 (1h 40m 41s):
Colder will be blunt. Yeah. Yeah. You'll definitely watch

0 (1h 40m 43s):
It. Pat. Hey Jay, do you have a question for Wendy? Is I'm certainly putting it on the list. What's it called?

6 (1h 40m 48s):
There will be Blood. Daniel Deus.

0 (1h 40m 50s):
Three Hours.

6 (1h 40m 51s):
Oh yeah. Lincoln. Lincoln is

0 (1h 40m 52s):
What's up with these movies Having to be no two movie lengths. Long, quick. Three hours is the rt. It's an American Epic. I'm sick of it. Tighten that thing done. We don't need. There it is. Wow. Look at that. Wow. I could do three hours.

15 (1h 41m 6s):
Good producing. Holy Moses. That's

0 (1h 41m 9s):
Zeto. You's got quick fingers back there. Z. That's

15 (1h 41m 11s):
An Emmy.

0 (1h 41m 11s):
Yeah. How do you think? Well, Don Wendy. See Wendy, don't even Emmy here into that conversation. Yeah, our TikTok guy is an Emmy Award winner. That is what we're talking

15 (1h 41m 22s):
What

0 (1h 41m 23s):
Staff you need. Thank you. Yeah, we could do. Got a good team. We do. Got Bill Belichick joining our team actually next Thursday night. Should be a good time.

15 (1h 41m 30s):
Huge, huge man. Yeah, it

0 (1h 41m 33s):
Huge. Well, he's actually pretty average sized I think. But it is a huge, well, he is Jock that ring.

15 (1h 41m 39s):
Hey, ask Belichick if Hawk should have won the But award.

0 (1h 41m 43s):
Sure. He was paying attention. Definitely was wants our Ohio chief has the last question for you actually. Wendy And. it might be about the Buck Award. I mean, we don't know.

13 (1h 41m 52s):
It's close. So Doc Rivers, everybody seems to have an opinion about this guy and why he got the job when he got the job. What do you think of his, how he has done so far, and what do you think his future looks like in Milwaukee?

15 (1h 42m 4s):
Yeah. So here's the thing. The Bucks early schedule was really, really easy. Mm. Their schedule was very favorable. And so they were, they were not playing really well, but they were winning. And so when you look at what happened to the team since Doc took over, the stats don't look good. But it's part, it's, it's, it's hard to like figure that out because their second half schedule is so much tougher than their first half. They just had a really imbalanced schedule that said they haven't really improved, especially defensively. They've gone from 19th League of Defense to 15th under Doc. But what Doc would say to you is that, okay, I had no training camp, no preseason.

15 (1h 42m 46s):
And I've had Middleton Lillard and Giannis together for eight games since I took over. And all of that is fair. I think the idea of him being able to revolutionize this team at Midseason was kind of a ridiculous ask. And, but the Bucks have so much pressure in this off season or in this season.

0 (1h 43m 6s):
Who's gonna win it all? Wendy. Tell Wendy who's gonna win it all?

15 (1h 43m 10s):
I mean, if the Celtics don't win the East, it's shocking. Well, the pace. We've already had two injuries. Injuries play huge role. The Celtics don't win the East. It's shocking. And this is the thing about the Bucks. Even if they get everybody together and play great, I don't think they're beating a full power Boston team. Four outta seven. No way. And I don't think that's an insult. That's not an insult to Doc, that's not an insult to Giannis. That's a compliment to the Celtics. Damn. And beating Boston four outta seven, even for the, I'm sorry, beating Denver. Four outta seven even for the Celtics is a tall, tall climb. Those are the two best teams. I'd be surprised if, if those two teams aren't in the finals. But I would also say that one of the things about the NBA playoffs injuries, you know, injuries dictate so much.

15 (1h 43m 53s):
You never injuries dictates so much who's healthy.

0 (1h 43m 56s):
You literally never know. You never know. And and that's why we love it. Yeah. And it, it really is. It really is why we love it. We can't wait for the next four months of these NBA playoffs and then right into the United States, beating the hell outta everybody in the Olympics. Caitlyn Clark, it just got reported she's gonna be making more than 20 million with Nike, the shoe deal. And obviously she'll be making 78,000 with the Indiana Fever. Yep. Even though we have purchased enough tickets to potentially supply that particular salary to her. She is, and I know you normally cover the NBA her Angel Reese, that entire South Carolina team.

0 (1h 44m 37s):
Everything that's happening in women's basketball right now is awesome. Are you gonna cover it more? Are you gonna maybe try to help this thing out? Wendy or I, I'm

15 (1h 44m 44s):
So I cover the team USA Women and Men. I am hoping that she makes the team USA women's team. She's a, she's a candidate for it over in Paris. Who's the team? I live in Omaha, Nebraska. Okay. That is down the road from the University of Iowa. There are more Kaitlyn Clark jerseys in these streets than there are Steph Curry jerseys these days. You don't gotta tell me how big of a, of, of, of a force she is. Whoa. I can't wait to see her play in the WNBA. And I also am really hoping she plays for team USA in the Olympics. I would love to be able to cover her this summer alongside the men over in France.

0 (1h 45m 17s):
Well just cover the w this season. Come on, you're a basketball guy. Just switch over. Yeah.

15 (1h 45m 21s):
I'm, I'm going right from NBA playoffs to NBA draft NBA free agency right overseas with Team USAI don't have a breath till mid-August, so. All right. I'm hoping I can catch her in there.

0 (1h 45m 32s):
All right. Well, when football starts, we'll try to, you know, catch up with you to see how it all goes. And when the United States wins,

15 (1h 45m 37s):
When football starts, I'm nowhere to be found, man. I'm, I'm shutting her down. Let's, let's watch the Buckeyes. Where do you go?

0 (1h 45m 42s):
Just Omaha. You go, you just lock it down in Omaha there. Get some stakes. Yeah,

15 (1h 45m 46s):
Man. Big 10 Network. Big time here. This is Big 10 country. Y'all have, you know. And so

0 (1h 45m 52s):
How long long have you lived in Omaha? No. I, I don't think anybody would've been able to pin down Wendy living in Omaha, Nebraska. How's that?

15 (1h 45m 58s):
That's my plan, buddy. That's my plan. I've lived here for eight years and I love it in basketball team. And I'm on and I'm on the road 150 days a year by I

0 (1h 46m 6s):
Thought you lived at Bro's house. Yeah. Yeah. you know what? I was ta

15 (1h 46m 9s):
Well, he's got several of them that nobody you're in. I mean, it would, it'd be fine. He wouldn't even know I was there for weeks. You

0 (1h 46m 14s):
Could go squat too. That's a whole nother Yeah. Situation brewing in certain states and things like that. We would like to offer you as a program and as a show And it did just get confirmed. We would like to offer you a chance to watch an Ohio State Buckeye game with AJ Hawk this upcoming season. And AJ's instantaneous.

15 (1h 46m 32s):
Yes. Okay.

0 (1h 46m 35s):
Happen. We'll fly you out there. We'll,

15 (1h 46m 37s):
We'll nail down the details later. Yeah. Oh, I can't, not Michigan. I can't be, I have to be alone. What

0 (1h 46m 42s):
About you're with AJ? Hawk? Yeah. I gotta be, I gotta be alone too for

15 (1h 46m 46s):
That. I won't put off that decision. Do we see how this season plays out? I'm hoping Michigan will finally take a step back, but let's we'll see on that one. Yeah.

0 (1h 46m 54s):
You know, let's make sure we, we do this though, because there's a lot of these types of situations that, bro, this one's magic in the making and we appreciate the hell outta you. What's that? When they, when

1 (1h 47m 4s):
They play Nebraska Against Rule and Dylan Ola.

0 (1h 47m 7s):
Oh, my AJ will fly to you.

1 (1h 47m 8s):
Bingo. Do you know he's paying

2 (1h 47m 9s):
Chip Kelly salaries? Go to 5 million. Who is Wendy? He donated 5 million to get Chip Kelly to come. BOC. Congrats.

0 (1h 47m 16s):
Oh, thank you Wendy. Wendy, you and AJ need to go hang out at Chip Kelly's office. We're trying to make that whole thing out, boo. Yeah. Oh, we appreciate you man.

15 (1h 47m 23s):
My discussions with Chip Kelly are just how to block on the offensive line. I ain't worried about what sort of motion's going. Let's, let's block some dudes. Okay. Block some

0 (1h 47m 31s):
Dudes. Especially against Michigan. Ladies and gentlemen, Brian win nor thank you.

15 (1h 47m 35s):
We're good.

0 (1h 47m 36s):
Thanks for doing that aj.

6 (1h 47m 37s):
That's awesome. Good guy. That's awesome.

13 (1h 47m 39s):
Thank you guys. Can't wait. We'll go to The. ThunderDome. It's gonna be so fun. No,

0 (1h 47m 42s):
No. Thunder Buckeyes. Don't play here. Yeah. What the hell? We need a waterproof basic.

13 (1h 47m 45s):
You got like a hundred TVs and you got everything set up. It's beautiful. Nine TVs win's A great golfer. We'll hit some balls at halftime.

16 (1h 47m 51s):
Wants to see the game live. AJ with you brother. You Oh,

13 (1h 47m 55s):
At the game? Oh, okay. Yeah. Sweet. Let's do it.

0 (1h 47m 58s):
And today is a very special day and it is something that we have been holding off for about an hour and 50 minutes as the blackout boys try to figure something out in the kitchen. Hey. It's okay. One candle's good.

17 (1h 48m 10s):
Yep. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Yep, yep.

0 (1h 48m 19s):
Yep. Thank you. Thank you ladies and gentlemen, as we wrap up this hour on ESPN yesterday, he asked one of the greatest questions of all time to his hero. Bill Belichick. Today it is Connor's birthday. Yeah.

1 (1h 48m 34s):
Happy

0 (1h 48m 35s):
Birthday con man, brother. Happy birthday brother. We appreciate you so much. Happy birthday, birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday Dear Connor. Happy birthday to you. Blow

2 (1h 48m 49s):
Guys

0 (1h 48m 49s):
Out the scandals. You make a wish. Yeah, of course. and what is it? Don't tell us it won't come true. Happy birthday bud. Appreciate it. We all love you. We appreciate the hell outta you. Love you guys too. This show ends on ESPN, it continues on YouTube and ESPN Plus we can't thank you enough. We'll See you tomorrow for a feel good Friday. Be your friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. Cheers. Wow.

6 (1h 49m 8s):
Yep. Nailed it.

0 (1h 49m 9s):
Boom. Way to go. BOB. Got it in there. Way to go. Boys.

6 (1h 49m 13s):
Not lighting the candles again. Last time we did that, remember we had that hard kind of shell wax shell over the entire topic.

0 (1h 49m 20s):
Yeah. And they were also gonna attempt to put in the I from looking at them through the window here. The putting it together. They were trying. Oh, they're good. What? 30? Okay. Or 28? 27. 29 20.

13 (1h 49m 30s):
Wouldn't, wouldn't have taken long to light those would it? Well,

0 (1h 49m 33s):
It was my fault. 'cause like as we were wrapping up with Wendy there, I think you saw me go, Hey, let's get that cake ready in this entire thing. So the BOB only had

1 (1h 49m 42s):
Yeah. No, I also, they just spotted cow here.

0 (1h 49m 47s):
Toe

1 (1h 49m 48s):
The fuck happened. Can we, can we get us a visual on this? Don't hide. Bill. Bill. Why eye bill? Bill, bill. Those are are sweet. Turn. Be turn. Sir. What's wrong? Tell 'em. I think they're sweet. That's been fashion. They're not sweet because there's a bunch of blood on the inside. He murdered a cow last night with his teeth.

0 (1h 50m 6s):
Yeah. His bare hands. He showing go cow tip. And he said, even better, I'm gonna go cow kill And. it made shorts out of him. Proud of you Bill

1 (1h 50m 14s):
And. It's not

0 (1h 50m 15s):
Your birthday. You delivered us all a gift. And. We're very thankful for that. We also have

1 (1h 50m 21s):
Get a gallon of milk when you buy those things. Pretty gallon. Get the, actually you get the shoes. Well look,

0 (1h 50m 26s):
He, he's got the ponder. Yeah.

1 (1h 50m 28s):
Yeah. Yep.

0 (1h 50m 29s):
Okay. Real then he's, he's ma he's accessorizing his whole fit here. Yeah. you know, he matches perfectly. Yeah. Because if you think about his bald white head with the black hoodie, it's kind of like a Yeah. Cow print from literally head to toe here.

1 (1h 50m 43s):
It does accentuate it quite a bit.

0 (1h 50m 44s):
Yeah. We're proud of you Bill.

1 (1h 50m 45s):
Looking good. Bill. Bill.

0 (1h 50m 47s):
Happy birthday Connor though.

1 (1h 50m 48s):
Hey, thank you guys. Appreciate it. Happy

0 (1h 50m 50s):
Birthday Connor. And thanks to the Bo bs birthday comment for getting that whole thing done in about a minute and a half or so. They didn't know we were up against the clock. 'cause they don't really know that there is time No.

1 (1h 50m 59s):
Relative to them. No, that's

0 (1h 51m 0s):
And that's why we love

1 (1h 51m 2s):
Yeah. Bingo. Exactly.

0 (1h 51m 4s):
We've had EJ and Kara here, they want an auction to watch a show live for the kicking the stigma of the Indianapolis.

1 (1h 51m 11s):
That's not, that's not awkward for them right there.

0 (1h 51m 14s):
So the thing about it is, AJ, this is for fucking charity. Yeah,

1 (1h 51m 18s):
I can hear you. I'm saying it's a And. It's a great thing you're doing. I'm saying for them, that's gotta be kind of an awkward, but hey, coming to You know camera's pan to, you

0 (1h 51m 26s):
Know, they won this thing. They won this thing last year. So Matt Bur

1 (1h 51m 29s):
Oh good. You know if you know they're off makes it, it's much less awkward for them.

0 (1h 51m 32s):
Remember ej, we put 'em down on a putting green last year and there was a lot of pots. Got a lot of reps in. Yes he did. And felt terrible immediately afterwards. 'cause we kind of put 'em on the spot. Good guy. Obviously great group of people. We thought there was a new group coming in. We didn't know until like moments before they got in here that it was the same people as last year. We loved them Last year. So I had this place locked. I had all the doors shut. Yep. 'cause people get in here and they start snooping around. You know, you know, like that is, that is kind of the mo people will come visit us and they'll bring their entire team with them and then all of a sudden I see their team climbing up the steps over here. Yep. While I'm doing the show, I'm like, all right, do we have eyes on these, on these things or not.

0 (1h 52m 13s):
EJ Kara have been fantastic. Donated money to the kicking the stigma charity that the Colts have obviously to kind of break the stigma of mental health and being okay to talk about it. So good people, good humans. We've appreciated you stopping by again And. we actually rolled out a little carpet for him. We,

1 (1h 52m 28s):
Yes we

0 (1h 52m 28s):
Did. What's carpet that put the carpet Seed. Yeah.

1 (1h 52m 31s):
Big deal. Big deal.

0 (1h 52m 33s):
Gum. Got couple coke zeroes

1 (1h 52m 36s):
The best. Oh man, I, I didn't, little table you gotta go. Nightstand or a little table. Cool table. We told

0 (1h 52m 41s):
'em we had a much, much better version of what they're gonna experience and Yeah. We're lucky people. We were supposed to do live shows in here. You remember we were supposed to do that. Oh yeah. Yeah. I've been promising that for a couple years. Yeah.

6 (1h 52m 52s):
It's probably a good move. Just putting the pause on that though. Yeah. That idea has evolved.

0 (1h 52m 57s):
Yeah. We just go two places. Yeah,

6 (1h 52m 59s):
Exactly. Yeah.

0 (1h 53m 0s):
The issue is the logistics of getting everybody in and out. How many toilets do we got?

6 (1h 53m 5s):
Nightmare. Not, not as much as

0 (1h 53m 7s):
The clippers. And then what happens if we got three to four Ohio fucks here and it's just an OHIO fest while we're doing the entire

6 (1h 53m 14s):
Can't have it. Can't have that. And then what happens if, you know the, the fire alarm goes off again and the cage rolls down and then everyone's just stuck in here and it's a mad house. Yeah.

0 (1h 53m 22s):
You blow some sage every once in a while in a couple of these rooms you get locked in. Yeah. Yes. They have this firewall wall thing that goes down and

13 (1h 53m 28s):
Are you, oh, you're serious. Oh yeah.

6 (1h 53m 29s):
Oh yeah. Almost slice bill in half last time

0 (1h 53m 31s):
Had to put 'em in, had to for code, had to put these things in and then it was just like kind of a part of the conversation during the building. Like, yeah. Gonna have to put these fire doors on just in case anything happens. They'll be right here at the entrance to here and it's out here. It's like, okay, cool, cool. Never expect fire alarm to go off. No. Then somebody starts blowing some sage into one of these things and all of a sudden this door just shuts. I think it's to keep the fire steel isolated or whatever. Contain it. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it comes

13 (1h 53m 60s):
Swift

0 (1h 54m 0s):
Bill was on

13 (1h 54m 1s):
Some kind of sensor. Yeah. Is there a sensor anywhere? You think so? It doesn't cut bill's head off. Nope.

0 (1h 54m 5s):
No, we couldn't turn off because that wouldn't be illegal to break code. That's right. Not break code. Okay. Good. Fire department's right across the street. They've been here couple

6 (1h 54m 12s):
Times. They're great. Yeah.

0 (1h 54m 13s):
They're very good people. Great dudes. We'll hit the button. Lift of thing. Thank you. Yep. We can't get outta the office. Thank you. We're stuck here. There's no fire. But also we are now trapped, so if you could help us out, that would be fantastic news. Next hour. We got Peter. Schrager, let's

13 (1h 54m 26s):
Go. Oh yeah. Can't wait. Oh yeah. Reg's mock draft is always pretty accurate, isn't it? Oh yeah.

0 (1h 54m 32s):
Bingo. We got question. you know, that is kinda the reason why anytime he puts one out, you have to look at it. Yeah. Because RA's, the way he'll describe this too, when he gets on, I'm not like these guys that this is my living. I just do this for the conversations I have the people I know from what I'm hearing. And inevitably every year it ends up being like the closest. Yep. And obviously Daniel, Jeremiah moved the sticks also. He won with very plugged in. He was number one. I ThinkHR's was number two. So it's like what he's hearing is worth a listen. And Bill Belichick said, we're kind of getting to the time where people are starting to know now. We won't, they won't know until next week. Probably officially. But the rumors of what's happening, Craig's plugged in on.

0 (1h 55m 14s):
So we'll chat with him in the next hour. We'll probably do a giveaway of some sort and then we'll wrap up this big unit Thursday. Yeah. In a beautiful fashion. We're incredibly lucky and thankful that you all allow us to do this for a living every single day. Let's take a break. There we go. Bruce. Bruce, you've been doing a good job. Beck. Oh boy.

13 (1h 55m 31s):
Bruce. Bruce. That way. Bruce.

0 (1h 55m 33s):
Bruce. Been filling in for Nick. Not easy. Yeah.

13 (1h 55m 36s):
No, no. None of that. I don't think anything any, anyone does back there is easy.

0 (1h 55m 40s):
No, but it's also like you gotta be on Yeah.

1 (1h 55m 42s):
Locked in. Like legit. There's so many be easy fucking buttons. It'd be

13 (1h 55m 46s):
Easy to get lost, I think. And just start thinking about something and just, oh wait, here

0 (1h 55m 50s):
We go. Drift off. Yeah. And then all of a sudden, Hey, what

1 (1h 55m 53s):
Music? Dickhead. Let's go. Let's go.

0 (1h 55m 56s):
Hey. About to piss my fucking face.

1 (1h 55m 58s):
I remember the old

0 (1h 55m 59s):
One. I'm trying my best to tell you. We are trying to get to a break. Break. Yeah. He's doing great. Bruce, you've been killing it buddy. Thank you. Appreciate it. A lot of tasks. Bruce has the most wide array of tasks, no doubt. In the, in The. ThunderDome. And I'll tell you what, Bruce, you'll fuck him up every once in a while, but much more of a home run. Yep. Than a strikeout for you. And we're very grateful for that. Yeah.

1 (1h 56m 18s):
Do you like just talking about that board? Like the, the old one was legitimately this big, like with, with that many buttons. This new, the new one is the size of the Toxic Table basically.

0 (1h 56m 28s):
Yeah. We got hustled into buying the most expensive of everything

1 (1h 56m 31s):
By Oh really? Yeah. By who?

0 (1h 56m 32s):
Everybody that does all of this stuff that they do are the biggest pieces of shit in what they do.

1 (1h 56m 39s):
Oh yeah. That, that name is still on my list, huh? Yeah.

0 (1h 56m 42s):
Oh yeah.

13 (1h 56m 43s):
Oh, the same one that I talked to you about a long time ago when everything was getting built.

0 (1h 56m 46s):
Oh yeah.

13 (1h 56m 47s):
Wow. Okay. So that never, I thought it kind of resolved itself or

0 (1h 56m 50s):
Helped out or something. Yeah. We resolved it. Yeah. Zito Jake. Hippy Jay coming in. Old Tim crowing underneath this thing.

1 (1h 56m 57s):
Yep. Bill.

0 (1h 56m 59s):
Bill McCombs burying things. Yep. It's been great. Burying

13 (1h 57m 3s):
Things. What's he burying?

0 (1h 57m 5s):
Liars and stuff. What are you thinking? What are you talking about? He, he,

1 (1h 57m 8s):
I mean, burying bugs that get into the system.

0 (1h 57m 10s):
I think my favorite thing, and this is just not supposed to be on the show, this is non entertaining part of the show. My favorite part of that entire, this studio build. And if, if I could recommend something less, I will try to find it. Do not build a studio. Okay. Don't do it.

1 (1h 57m 27s):
We're all you out there.

0 (1h 57m 28s):
Don't ever think about it. Just don't do it. It is not a fun thing. There was a date in which they were supposed to be done. Do you remember that? Yep. And. it was like, all right, this is the date it's gonna be done. There was two cameras plugged in. There was microphones sitting, one was on the ground and then there was a desk over a folding table. Yeah. Folding table on that side. Three chairs on here, nothing on the wall. And you're like, we believe the studio is usable.

1 (1h 57m 54s):
We're good to go.

0 (1h 57m 55s):
We made the,

1 (1h 57m 56s):
Made the deadline,

0 (1h 57m 57s):
We made the deadline or whatever. And it's like you, so you're actually pieces of shit. That's what I am. Wow. Okay. I got it.

1 (1h 58m 2s):
Putting this together,

0 (1h 58m 3s):
You're a piece of shit. Got it. Got it. And then we realize over the next year Yep. That early indications in Reed Accurate one.

1 (1h 58m 15s):
A lot of bugs in this thing. Everywhere. I mean, the first hour of the first show, oh my God, is, oh man. Remember first ever

0 (1h 58m 22s):
Shot? Oh yeah. First ever shot, splash. And all you could hear was there's, and obviously they come in, change a bunch of things and then say it's our fault. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. We're not watching you.

1 (1h 58m 36s):
You guys gotta switch all these wires around. What are you doing?

0 (1h 58m 38s):
Okay, we're watch. We just watch what you do. Classic. Yeah. We, you're the experts. So now that

4 (1h 58m 41s):
Answer was the, it

0 (1h 58m 43s):
Wasn't, the rack wasn't grounded. Yeah, of course.

1 (1h 58m 45s):
Gotta ground it. Too much electricity. I've

0 (1h 58m 47s):
Learned a lot about it. I, I've learned a lot about it. Not as about the zeto, but like, my dumb brain always asks like the, this has to be connected to this. Right. Just if we're thinking aloud. And Zeto has a nice mixture of like a phenom brain when it comes to these things. But also

6 (1h 59m 4s):
Simple

0 (1h 59m 5s):
Thing, we can put things together if we have to on the road. So like me and Zito talking to these people, I couldn't even fathom their brains. No. As they're just trying to hustle the shit out of us. And they inevitably did. But us just in their face saying, you fucked us. Yeah.

1 (1h 59m 20s):
That was the

0 (1h 59m 21s):
Last time. I know you fucked us. Yep. We know. Just so you know. We know you fucked us so you fucked us. But we know it. So whenever you write your little book about fucking people know that we know that you, we know And. we won't forget.

1 (1h 59m 35s):
Never.

0 (1h 59m 36s):
This goes in. We'll never forget.

1 (1h 59m 39s):
Okay. I forgive.

0 (1h 59m 42s):
I might forgive, but I won't forgive. Oh no. Good. Okay.

1 (1h 59m 50s):
No grudge.

0 (1h 59m 51s):
Move on. Remember, this is a new me.

1 (1h 59m 53s):
Let it go. Oh,

0 (1h 59m 54s):
It's a new me. There we go.

1 (1h 59m 55s):
Moving on.

4 (1h 59m 56s):
That was a big part of joining ESPN though. Like these road shows were impossible without like the traveling studio essentially. Yes. Because it was such a headache for six years leading up to that. Yeah.

6 (2h 0m 7s):
Yeah. You guys having to load up try. We're gonna need you guys to load everything in the office into a truck. Drive down to Tampa. Yep. Yeah. Bring it all in. Works living. Yeah. The living room

0 (2h 0m 17s):
Need an LED board. Yeah.

1 (2h 0m 18s):
Yep. I mean, fucking mania. Last year, it was two years ago. Sorry. In Dallas.

0 (2h 0m 23s):
Oh yeah. Okay. We're in a la a lounge

1 (2h 0m 25s):
In the, in the lounge. In that restaurant. Bruce and Zito drove it down. I drove it back. It was like, how

0 (2h 0m 29s):
Many hours? How many hours?

1 (2h 0m 30s):
That, that one was only like nine. Tampa was the one that I think was like 18. Tampa was the tough one. Plus the Dallas trip. Tahoe. Tampa was a U-Haul. 'cause we were gonna be there for so long. We had to bring so

0 (2h 0m 41s):
Much. How many months were we there?

6 (2h 0m 43s):
At like four?

1 (2h 0m 44s):
Yeah. At least I, I want to say, where was the balcony?

0 (2h 0m 47s):
The balcony where you

1 (2h 0m 48s):
Fell asleep. Hot balcony. That was Orlando Bull game Was Orlando nxt. Right?

0 (2h 0m 53s):
Dad was in a house. In an Airbnb house. Just put a whole studio together. Yeah, I remember. Look at us now boys. I wanna

4 (2h 0m 59s):
Say Tampa was March to August.

6 (2h 1m 0s):
Sounds right. Yeah.

1 (2h 1m 4s):
July.

0 (2h 1m 5s):
Those breakfast sandwiches were so good. Oh, I just thought about those. Remember Uck got so high. Oh,

4 (2h 1m 12s):
Oh

1 (2h 1m 12s):
Yeah. Yeah. You had to tie string

0 (2h 1m 13s):
To em. Couldn't operate. That was awesome. Wait,

1 (2h 1m 15s):
What? Oh, string to him, huh? Yeah. So he wouldn't float

6 (2h 1m 19s):
Away. Cinder. Cinder block down on the ground around. Thank

1 (2h 1m 21s):
Luke. Glued his feet. Where was that? Where was it? That

0 (2h 1m 23s):
Was a Tampa living room. Yep.

1 (2h 1m 25s):
Oh

0 (2h 1m 25s):
Nice. He walks in. Hey, what are we doing? Let's go. Good to see you guys got a hoodie on. It's 105 degrees. Like what's up How. you doing debut? There's some sage burning over here if you want some. Oh, love that. Absolutely. All right, here we go. Start having some laughs. Have a good time. Alright, we're live in 10 minutes. What? What's that? Sits down. We didn't hear for him. Four hours. Yeah. So. I thought it was

1 (2h 1m 49s):
In the Yep.

0 (2h 1m 50s):
Yep. In the rafters.

1 (2h 1m 51s):
Yeah.

0 (2h 1m 52s):
Sage will get you It

1 (2h 1m 53s):
Will Corbin.

0 (2h 1m 55s):
I forgot about Big Hands. Corbin

1 (2h 1m 57s):
Came, came for a show. It was

0 (2h 1m 58s):
Awesome. Oh yeah. He's a champion right now, isn't he? Yeah. And then Antonio Brown moved into the house.

1 (2h 2m 3s):
He did?

0 (2h 2m 5s):
Oh

1 (2h 2m 5s):
Shit. Yeah. You gotta, Hey, you gotta go there with this one with with WNBA. You gotta go there. That's it. Boom. Boom. Fuck it.

0 (2h 2m 15s):
Mark Oli said he watched Randy Johnson interview on Pat McAfee show and thought it was Jesse the Body and Chur eventually. Thank you. Here's the video of our Tampa house. This is what setup used to be. And shot to Zito and Tim for putting this entire thing together. There's no less than 45 wires across the floor underneath all those rugs there. Yes. And. we werere just kind of plugged in. That was actually one

1 (2h 2m 38s):
Of the nicer setups though too. That we

0 (2h 2m 40s):
Yeah. That was, you know,

13 (2h 2m 42s):
So many things to drive and plug in and tear down and everything.

0 (2h 2m 46s):
Oh yeah. Yeah. But now we got thankful ESPN. People have to it. A lot of people. They got a lot of people. Yeah,

1 (2h 2m 51s):
They do.

0 (2h 2m 52s):
We've seen these things come together from Zito and Tim McAfee Four hands to kind of piece this entire thing together. That's what the room was. Oh. Now on the Airbnb photo, whenever we chose to rent this thing, thought this room was a little bit different set up.

1 (2h 3m 6s):
Yeah. It used the fisheye lens. Of course. Yeah.

0 (2h 3m 9s):
And. then we turned it into a full studio. ESPN. I appreciate them for doing this, but they got so many people doing everything. Oh yeah. And they're good people. You know, but it's like, it's a lot of humans

1 (2h 3m 21s):
And we've built setups with four people,

0 (2h 3m 23s):
Four hands. Yeah. Look where we've come. Boys. Pretty proud of us. Don't build Belichick soon. Next week. Yeah.

1 (2h 3m 34s):
Excited to see where we go

0 (2h 3m 35s):
Next week at the draft. We will not have a pa of our show out to the audience. So that's why we're not telling you where the hell we are. We're near the stage and the people. But it's like you won't be able to hear us if you're there. Wait,

1 (2h 3m 50s):
We're not gonna be able to boo Raj when he comes up on

0 (2h 3m 52s):
Stage. That is something to think about. Like, do we get a, a mega megaphone, another phone to send anything out there. Got Raj the next day on the show. So something to think about. Yeah, true.

1 (2h 4m 1s):
Go ahead. Boom, Tony.

0 (2h 4m 2s):
Yeah, go ahead. Do it. That's our commission. Should be a fun night. Alright, let's get to a break. Pete Schrager will be on the other side breaking down his latest mock draft. He's been good about it. So let's make sure we're paying attention. Yep. I know Bill Belichick's gonna be listening. Oh

1 (2h 4m 15s):
Yeah. Yep. He is. He is gonna be listening. I agree. I I'm actually excited for this. Like him having the Colts up there, that means he knows the Colts are looking to Trae trailer

18 (2h 4m 32s):
Four.

0 (2h 4m 35s):
Not a lot of pizazz. Yeah. No

1 (2h 4m 36s):
Mail in. It's not. None. None. I did,

13 (2h 4m 38s):
I'm a little delayed, you know that. I'm trying, I'm always trying to time it up with the boys 'cause I'm like a split second

0 (2h 4m 42s):
Delay. Yeah. Well especially with that tornado that potentially, yeah. I hope everybody's safe as we transition into spring here. You know you got some fronts battling against each other. Yeah. Some winds coming through. and that means that every once in a while there's gonna be a storm that is absolutely unpredictable and devastating. Everybody keep their eyes to the sky and let's make sure nobody dies this tornado season. We'll see. Now granted, nobody has any control of that because it can drop outta nowhere. Yep. And you literally, since I've moved to Indiana, I've told this story before. You're just looking up at the sky hoping that it doesn't choose to hit you. Yeah. That's what a tornado life is like. But we're currently in there I think. Oh yeah. Yeah. We're currently in the middle of it. Let's stay safe. We hope everybody has a fantastic Thursday. the Toxic Table is here alongside AJ Hawk at Boston.

0 (2h 5m 24s):
Connor at Ty Schmidt call man. Not a bad shirt there.

1 (2h 5m 27s):
Yeah. Yeah. Not too shabby. I just kinda reached in to the closet and just grabbed

0 (2h 5m 31s):
One. I heard you got a maybe a new shirt today. Did

1 (2h 5m 33s):
You? I did. I did get a, I actually got two new shirts. Funny enough talk grabbed me a Rottweiler one, which is nice. And Whoa dog

0 (2h 5m 41s):
Happy

1 (2h 5m 42s):
Birthday. Currently. I mean, I feel like I could say this. Yeah. Currently my favorite owner in the NFL Kalen Erse also gifted me a nice animal shirt as well. Wow.

0 (2h 5m 51s):
Wow.

1 (2h 5m 51s):
Yeah. Yeah. Pretty sweet. Very thankful friend in the program. Kay. And her say,

0 (2h 5m 55s):
Wow, you have to do a brand new shirt for

1 (2h 5m 57s):
Your birthday. Wearing it tomorrow for sure.

0 (2h 5m 59s):
Okay. John Deere, remember? Yeah,

1 (2h 6m 2s):
Exactly. Dear Gal,

0 (2h 6m 3s):
She sent me a message after the Brock Purdy John Deere thing and says, I think I missed my opportunity to partner with John Deere. It's like, no, no Kaylyn, there's more tractors. She can get that job. There's a lot Moreo tractors out there. Hey man, she could be CTO. Yeah. Yeah. Easy Chief Tractor Officer. Bingo. Yeah. Travel around. Farm to farm. Why not social media. You want tractor? Get your hands dirty. Yeah, I mean you're on the team right now, but something to think about. Maybe being CTO

1 (2h 6m 27s):
Mix it up. How

0 (2h 6m 27s):
About, how about knowing it's your birthday sending in a brand

1 (2h 6m 30s):
New shirt. I mean that's, that's next level that, that's the cold difference. you know, I'm,

0 (2h 6m 35s):
Wow. I'm genuinely pumped about that.

1 (2h 6m 37s):
Yeah, me too. I, 'cause that

0 (2h 6m 39s):
Would mean like looking into thinking. 'cause that's not just, they're not printing that at the cold's facility. So ordering ahead, doing the entire thing. That's very

1 (2h 6m 49s):
Awesome. It was so nice. It pissed me off.

0 (2h 6m 51s):
That's good business. Yeah.

1 (2h 6m 52s):
That's very good business there. There. What

0 (2h 6m 54s):
Got by the Indianapolis Colts as opposed to making a documentary trying to bury the coach that gave us You know six Super Bowls. Exactly. Over here. They're like, who's that guy? That's a Patriots fan. Oh, it's his birthday. Oh.

1 (2h 7m 7s):
I'd like to get him

0 (2h 7m 7s):
Something. I would like to get him something very kind. Especially in the Lot House. Yeah. This upcoming season first

1 (2h 7m 12s):
Class. Oh well. But first class organization. I mean I, I still, like I said yeah it was, it. It flustered me a little when I got it and learned it was Yeah,

0 (2h 7m 20s):
You did. You ped and walked.

1 (2h 7m 22s):
I told you it was so nice. Pissed me off. Can't, what's actually going on here?

0 (2h 7m 25s):
One half of the hammer dad cowboys 10 digs cooking up a conspiracy. Seemingly, well

1 (2h 7m 29s):
I don't know, a billionaire with

2 (2h 7m 31s):
Unlimited funds potentially hears someone talking shit on their organization constantly and says, Hey, let's do some research into this. This guy. Okay. And now knows everything about him, knows what he wears, knows when his birthday is, knows where he lives, knows what he eats. Sleep, drinks, travels. Yeah. Everything. So maybe just keep your, your

0 (2h 7m 47s):
Head on it's good business. This ain't what you're saying

1 (2h 7m 49s):
Tony's right. I gotta wash this shirt immediately.

0 (2h 7m 51s):
You're right. You think that you're getting like some sort of poison on her.

1 (2h 7m 55s):
Yeah. Who knows? I

0 (2h 7m 56s):
Saw a video this weekend of, of Jim Kong and Putin Cheersing. Yep. And then just holding their drinks and staring at each other too. Yeah. I don't think it was from recently. Who knows when it was And. it literally, it does matter when it was, I guess especially with everything going on right now. I didn't do enough research but they Cheers and then they just both stood there with their drinks. Smart. No way am I doing this. No Cheers. It's like, oh, so both of you have definitely done this? Yeah. Because that's why you're doing what you're doing. Yeah. Cols will never do something like that. Try to give you any type of rash because of a shirt. What they wanted to let you know is they appreciate the fact that you exist pal. Happy birthday to you. We're all very lucky for that. And shout out to the Colts being a first class organization and shout out to their PR telling us exactly what's gonna happen at the draft for that.

0 (2h 8m 38s):
Yeah. Yeah. That was awesome. That was cool. Yeah, draft Pison is here. Matt Conte obviously came in and he looks like a young lad and got, he's got a little hating there. He's Hayden's a mini conte, you know. Got fucker. Yeah. And he taught us exactly how it's gonna go at the draft next week. So thank you for being the league of the Cols organization. That

1 (2h 8m 57s):
Conti, bill

0 (2h 8m 58s):
Jersey. Anything that gets out from the Cols, it's coming from that guy. Judge Joe one more time. That's the guy. Yep. Right there on the left guy.

1 (2h 9m 4s):
Man.

0 (2h 9m 5s):
Handsome guy. He's super handsome. He's

1 (2h 9m 7s):
FanDuel open on his phone right there.

0 (2h 9m 9s):
Yeah. I don't Yeah, you're, you're right. Is that

1 (2h 9m 11s):
What that was?

0 (2h 9m 11s):
He's got betting on games right there. Hold on. Is that ESPN? Bet. Conte. Back to that. Geez. Okay. Conte is actually one of the best wins of all time. He's a great guy. Like one of the greatest humans of all time. Yeah. The man works so hard all the time. Doesn't say shit. Yep. Ever. We were just literally cornered him right over here. What are the cults doing? Conti. Huh? What are you preparing to say? What do you you got? He goes, I don't know. I'm listening to the mocks just like you guys are. Okay. Conti Sure. Do you want a water? Oh love a water. You don't get one until you tell us what's going on. Oh well. Alright. I'm thirsty. This guy's unbelievable. Great

1 (2h 9m 45s):
Father too. 'cause his his children do acknowledge

0 (2h 9m 47s):
They're tribal chief. Yeah. Which we can appreciate. Absolutely. Conte iss the man. So has Hayden The Cols have been nothing but fantastic to us. Shout out to EJ and Kara who won the auction to come watch the live show. What a terrible thing to win. But we're happy. I know. Happy as enough. Happy for them. Yep. If they're happy, we're happy for them. Joining us now is a man who I guess is swaying the Colts PR on the thoughts of what takes place next week at the NFL draft. Over the last few years he has been one of the top mock drafters in the entire sports media world. Why? Because this isn't his full-time job. He's just putting things together from what he's hearing from his friends. And normally he's pretty damn accurate. He's an Emmy Award winner. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen from NFL Networks.

0 (2h 10m 28s):
Good morning Football and Fox Sports' Kickoff Show Beer Striker. Yay. How. you doing shrinks? Woo.

19 (2h 10m 38s):
I'm great. Huge Matt Conti fan myself. Awesome dude. Tell Matt hello. Love him. And he's never told me crap either, so.

0 (2h 10m 45s):
Okay, so hey, so Conti, would you like to, would you say hello back? Hey. Hey you guys. Pete. Hey Peter. Hey Pete. I dunno if you saw, we'll translate. You have anything else to say? Conti like, how's your family or anything? Or just, just a nice little Hello, hello. Just, just hello. Just hello, hello. Doesn't care about you. Go coach. He's focused on draft right now. Sh Strikes just like you are. We got another mock from the shrinks. Every time this happens we get jacked up now even more So for Colts fans because making moves for Malik Neighbors. Now I think there's a chance that Jim Ey says like he told Chap who's one of the local writers here. I would like to give Marvin Harrison Jr. Now to do that you would have to make a massive jump.

0 (2h 11m 25s):
How did you get to these picks here for these teams and how close do you think this is to being finalized before next Thursday? Shrinks?

19 (2h 11m 32s):
Yeah, so my process Pat is I put one out the week before the draft and then the day of the draft. And usually when I put my mock out people know that it's coming from pretty reliable sources or at least their guesses. That make sense? And I've spoken to people, the amount of feedback I've gotten since this list went out has helped form my next mock draft. But I'll tell you right now as we speak doing this show, Adam Peters is doing a press conference in Washington. He's the gm, Kevin O'Connell and the boys are down in Baton Rouge meeting with Jaden Daniels and Jayden Daniels' agent put out a tweet with a scratching chin emoji about the fact that all those different quarterbacks were at once in Washington. So things are

0 (2h 12m 11s):
And, we And, we like to say shut up to that agent. I think. I think we all would like to say shut up dude. Okay,

19 (2h 12m 17s):
There it is. There it is. Just one of these look where there's, where there's smoke, there's something. Ed, I find it fascinating that I did this mock draft. I had JJ McCarthy going forth overall with the Giants trading up and I live in New York so all the Giants fans freak out. They either want 'em, they don't want 'em, whatever. What was interesting was I've had three or four different teams reach out to me in the last four, eight hours being like, are you just carrying water for the Cardinals? I'm like, I have no connection to the Cardinals. Like I, I know Jonathan Gannon and Monty, but like my guy was Kingsbury, he's been blown out of there. My guy was kind, he's been blown out of there. Like I don't have a connection to those guys. I'm not carrying water for anybody. I'll tell you this, the Giants have done extensive, extensive work on these quarterbacks.

19 (2h 13m 1s):
And I know that the night before Easter, they took out JJ McCarthy in Ann Arbor, took 'em to Ruth Chris, they had a wonderful meal. They've met with him again since Giants are looking at the quarterback, So I said, let's roll the dice, let's put the Giants moving up two spots. And the response has been crazy on my phone from other teams wondering like how real is that? And then you've got these three teams at 11, 12 and 13 Pat that are Vikings need a quarterback. What 12 Broncos need a quarterback. 13. 13 Raiders need a quarterback who are getting a little interested also saying, well wait a second, if the Giants are going, that's the four top quarterbacks gone and the top four picks W well, well what? What do you know So. I like to put it out there and then use the feedback.

19 (2h 13m 42s):
And in the day of the draft I'll have probably a more updated one but I feel pretty confident with a lot of the stuff I have in

0 (2h 13m 46s):
There. Nice. Put the wa put a couple lines out in the water. You know you never know what you're gonna get back. Get a little bit more information. I like what you did with the Colts there. You think Colts maybe move up even more to get Marvin Harrison Jr. Or do you think maybe quarterback, quarterback, quarterback, quarterback, quarterback, quarterback Marvin Harrison drops down a little bit more.

19 (2h 14m 1s):
That would be, I mean if the, if the Cardinals sit pretty at four, Harrison I'm told is to pick, but they could move out now the Colts are interesting, the off season and Matt Conte is in the house right now. You guys know a lot of players resigned players, they like players they feel confident with. We love seeing Kenny Moore and Pitman and all these guys. But the Jaguars went balls to the wall on free agency. The Titans went absolutely bonkers and free agency and the Texans went Bonker. you know Chris Ball. Do you think they're sitting on their hands and they're just gonna sit at 15 and take a defensive back and say, okay we're gonna, I think there's a chance the Cols make a couple calls here and move up. Especially if neighbors or Dunay or Harrison falls outta that top five or six. I love Pittman and Pierce.

19 (2h 14m 42s):
Imagine having neighbors Pittman and Pierce And it. You could probably move up a few spots. The Bears, I look at them at number nine. I know Ryan pulls real well and they love Caleb Williams. But at that nine spot Big Bull, the Bears only have four draft picks in this draft right now and they don't have a second round pick. That nine spot could be really enticing if neighbors or a Dunes day falls down there to nine teams might be looking to trade up. I just, it's a mock draft. I'm just putting it out there, planting some seeds. But I think the Colts would be, would be a team worth watching.

0 (2h 15m 12s):
I, I love to hear that. I'm pumped to hear that I've not done any of my own research. 'cause once again, I don't wanna put any of my friends in any compromising positions and I'm not an insider so I'm staying out of the whole game. But boy, boy, it feels like a Jim Rse move to bring Margaret Harrison Jr. Home. It does. And at the end of the day, your scouts can do all the work that you wanna do. Chris Ballard can do all the work that you wanna do. You can have all the vision that you want for all your team is gonna go, how the off season's gonna go. And then all you need is one billionaire to walk in there and be like, this is cool, right? Yeah it is. That is what we're doing. Which is why the draft is so incredible. That is legitimately why the draft is so damn incredible because who actually knows?

0 (2h 15m 53s):
Once again, remember Mac Jones was three, where was that three years ago? Yeah, three years ago. Mac Jones was 3, 3, 3, 3, 3 for literally every single day for three months leading up to the draft. Then day of he ain't three and then all of a sudden chaos happens everywhere. That's why you being as accurate as you have been over the years is an impressive thing. AJ has a question for you Riggs. What's

13 (2h 16m 15s):
Upj Drake? I know in your, I know in this mock you have Drake May going to the, the Patriots at three, I know Elliot Wolf Patriots has come out and kind of said, Hey, we're open for business. What exactly do you think he means by that? And do you believe that they will stay locked in here at number three?

19 (2h 16m 29s):
From what I've heard, the Patriots are very, very into both May and Daniels. So whatever Washington does at two or if a team trades up for two, I think the Patriots quarterback at three. Now look, Elliot Wolf, if you know his, he's Ron Wolf's dad, one of the most legendary executives in NFL history. He's been around Packers, Browns now he's got this Patriots gig. It's a big shoes to fill obviously with who he's replacing and making those decisions. Mack, I I would think this is a a a a quarterback posi you're, you're not looking to be top five. Again, this is one of the rare drafts where there's three guys that everyone says is a number one quarterback and maybe four with McCarthy that you could feel comfortable with. I would be very surprised if they got cute.

19 (2h 17m 9s):
They, I know they have a lot of holes to fill, but don't get cute. Take the quarterback here.

0 (2h 17m 13s):
So speaking of the press conference, Peter's talking for the Washington commanders. There was quote just came out, we're comfortable. Two, we are, we are very comfortable with two, we are gonna stay here. We assume that means Daniels as you do, Peter's on the possibility of training the number two pick. We feel great about staying in number two. I don't see a lot of scenarios trading down. That's basically them letting stop calling. Yep. Okay. We don't need any phones ringing at all from now until draft.

19 (2h 17m 38s):
Look, the Daniels thing to me, I thought that was a done deal a couple of days ago, but since I put the mock out and since the stuff with the agent and you know, you had the top golf meeting, which I think on paper ever pretty.

0 (2h 17m 49s):
I know. Hey sch strike once again. Earlier I told that guy to shut up. It's just because like you're not the story dude. You're an agent. No, totally, totally. You should not be any part of this thing. Totally. Mike told he have baggage coming along with him. His family's great school's, great teammates love him. He does have this agent though. It's like that should never no ever be in the conversation. Which is why Ron's probably a good guy. Agent Butler probably a good guy. I just think this is stupid. Just get your name the hell outta there and lock him into a deal that's already been negotiated by the NF lpa. You're not even needed right now actually because of the slotting of contracts. Unless facts Bring him Natty advertising deals. So there's no reason for you to even get brought up on this show or any other show. That is my,

19 (2h 18m 29s):
Unless, unless you're trying to pull

0 (2h 18m 32s):
Boso

19 (2h 18m 33s):
Some sort of power play and say, okay, well we're not going, which I haven't gotten any information. They are, but I will say this. Oh, okay. One of the one things we've heard,

0 (2h 18m 40s):
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa,

19 (2h 18m 40s):
Whoa Whoa. One of the one things we've heard since, since way back at the combine was that they're sitting at 13, but Antonio Pierce and Jaden Daniels have an incredible relationship. And Jaden Daniels looks to Antonio Pierce as a mentor and they have a shared friendship and relationship from the Arizona State days. I just think 13 to two, unless you're offering five first round picks and Max Crosby and pick anyone else on our roster to get up to two, I just think it might be too much of a leap. And as much as you know, Jaden might want that or Antonio Pierce might want that. It, it's go from 13 to two is a massive leap. Remember the 49 ERs moving up to three, they had to give up three first round picks to do it.

19 (2h 19m 25s):
So what's 13 to two? I I just think it's too much. But that's the one rumor I've heard And, that thing has kind of quieted over the last couple months.

0 (2h 19m 33s):
Okay, so that's maybe Ron's working then. Yep. Maybe I, Hey, okay. I apologize. Do what you need to do for your client. With that being said, let's not be adding anymore bullshit to the client's life unless you're making the big power play like we've seen some people do in the past. I

19 (2h 19m 48s):
What did you make? What did you make of the top golf thing? So just for the viewers, obviously the context is they had, instead of just one-on-one, we're gonna bring you all separate. Washington brings in four quarterbacks, not Caleb, but Pennex May, McCarthy and Daniels. And this is all real from Brier, but what I loved is like they were mixing it up a bunch and it's really the four of them with a lot of different people from the Washington Commanders front office and coaching staff interacting with them also. Pat, I've never worked in an NFL front office. What do you make of that? Do you, does you think that matters at all or that's cool? What

0 (2h 20m 18s):
Do you think? So? I've never been invited one of these. AJ's been invited to a bunch of these. So obviously as we learn about the 30 visits, top 30 visits, And, we hear GMs talk about the importance of 'em, especially with the choreography of the combine and Pro Days now or choreograph seemingly. And the meetings are choreographed. They think that those top 30 visits, you can kind of get 'em one-on-one away from their people. Put 'em in situations where you can really try 'em. So, I, think a lot of GMs have said that those are very, very vital to the entire judgment process here during draft season. But then Bill Belichick came on yesterday and said, we've had 12 guys in before at the same time, it kind of helps out our staff to be able to work at one time as opposed to 30 different separate ones. So, I, I assume there's something that they think they could get from it.

0 (2h 21m 0s):
I assume that watching them interact with people in the public whenever they're at Topgolf, their competitive drive, how they handle conversations with the boys and everything like that, you could gain an advantage from, but I'd never heard of it before yesterday. So I. I certainly was confused by it.

19 (2h 21m 15s):
And the top 30 thing, everyone's different on it. Like I'm pretty sure and I'll talk to McVey, I don't think the Rams under McVay have ever done, and I know they haven't had many first round picks, but I don't think they've ever done a top 30 visit and they haven't done any this year. Like they don't do it. Some teams really value it. Other teams are just like, what's, no, we're gonna speak to 'em on Zoom. We're gonna get a chance to go to their pro day. We've got all the film like so the 30 visit and the significance of it. And even I reported on Monday that Brock Bowers is visiting the Jets And. it was like, you know, the New York Post is the biggest story in New York because it's, wow. I don't know if it's as important as we make it out to be, but it is not worth noting that different teams value them differently.

0 (2h 21m 53s):
So Adam Peters actually just talked about this in his press conference via John Chime here. What's cool is we get to see them all together in a group setting. you know, of course that's Topgolf 20 people. At the same time, they all got a lot of time individually with coaches and with us. They were staggered coming into, it was a great blend of that and working everyone together in a fun environment. Now, quite an advantage to be in there earlier. Yes. you know, as it rolls on. 'cause you're more comfortable as the days go in. Hey welcome. Well we have a good, yesterday we were at the building, you're gonna the building today. This is what they're gonna do. Like what a time. Yeah. Okay. Is this how they're using new ownership, right? Yeah, yeah. Term front office, new era. We'll see if it works out. Hey

19 (2h 22m 30s):
Bob Myers, like that's an NBA guy coming in had had a real role in who hired who at the GM and the coach and like, this is a small one, but there's a guy, Dave Gardy, who was like very high up an SVP at the NFL League office. Schefter breaks news on Monday. It got like 10 retweets, but I thought it was maybe the biggest news of the week. The commanders hired Dave Gardy, who basically has been working in the NFL for 20 years and kind of built some of the salary cap and waiver wire system, but also now, damn the last couple years was dealing stuff with the rules and what Troy Vincent and on the officiating side and the commanders hired Dave Gardy in some nebulous role. And it's like, that's a different way of thinking that they are thinking outside the box a little bit. And I'm kind of curious to see what the commanders do the next few years because I don't think they're playing by the typical rules and the paint by numbers that the NFL teams have typically done.

19 (2h 23m 15s):
Yeah.

0 (2h 23m 15s):
And you gotta major in the nebulous. That's what people say. Yep. If you don't major in the nebulous than you're gonna get out executed every single time. Connor's got a question for youre

1 (2h 23m 23s):
Yeah. Regs. There is a comment from Brandon Bean, it was either today or yesterday about how You know they're at 28 but they don't have You know 28 first round grades for You. know the 28 players that could lead up to them. With that in mind, h how many people do you think are players rather have those first round grades and at what point in the first round do you think we might see teams, you know, trading out and you know, other teams maybe trading back in perhaps you know the pa, I know in your mock draft you had Ladd McConkey going 31 to the Niners, but white slot receivers got New England written all over 'em. Is there a chance? Well

0 (2h 23m 59s):
That's

1 (2h 23m 59s):
Old New England, they might trade True. That is old New England. But hopefully they keep some of that, you know, flare in in these new sea, in these new teams too. The pizazz. Yes.

19 (2h 24m 8s):
It's not to get too wonky. It's a really cool draft in that it's great with the quarterbacks up top. It's great with the wide receivers up top And, it's really deep at offensive tackle. So it's a big offensive draft. There are probably two really elite pass rushers you'll see in the top 15. It's LA two outta UCLA and of, and it's Dallas Turner outta Alabama corners. You might see one in the top 15, Terry and Arnold or Quin on Mitchell. And then that's about it as far as like your blue chip guys. And you might get Byron Murphy the defensive tackle out of Texas. And then there's this big group of like really solid end of first offensive linemen, end of first wide receivers and end of first like defensive backs.

19 (2h 24m 50s):
So I. Think I, I think Brandon spot on with it. And he also said like we, we don't necessarily need to have a number one wide receiver, we need a smart wide receiver who runs route. We're not gonna replace Stefon Diggs with the 28th overall pick. Which leads me to think You know he's comfortable with, with, with whatever's there at 28 or moving back or taking a guy in the second round where there's, there's not this great urgency for Buffalo to, to trade all their chips to move up because they do have obviously a guy they like in Kincaid last year. And the other wide receivers that are still there.

0 (2h 25m 21s):
Brandon Bean told us whenever we were down at the, the annual meetings, he say he's drafting wide receiver in every single draft. Yep. Every single round, every seven, every single round, every, you'll be covering every round pretty much on NFL network. Can't wait to spend the entire weekend next weekend with you pal. Really

19 (2h 25m 35s):
Excited. I'm excited dude. How about Belichick on your s show? Are you serious bro?

0 (2h 25m 40s):
That's pretty good. Yeah, that's

19 (2h 25m 41s):
Pretty deal on dude. Dude, I will be, I'll be a part of the draft coverage for NFL network, but I would be lying if I'm not gonna be watching you and Bill Belichick breaking down picks. I'm sorry to all my NFL network bosses. That sounds pretty damn cool. No.

0 (2h 25m 53s):
Yeah, it's okay. Got a phone, right? Phone and tv. Do both steal what Belichick's saying for the weekend? Boom. Yeah, you can gather thoughts from Bill. They're your own. Send them out. Yep. you know what I mean? You've heard this before.

19 (2h 26m 5s):
Listen to Bill. Say exactly what he says.

0 (2h 26m 7s):
Smart. Smart. Oh, you should see the amount of that we're gonna do. Yeah. I cannot wait yes to he. Just look

19 (2h 26m 12s):
At that visual. Just look at him next to you. That's dude, pinch me. That's unbelievable. Well

0 (2h 26m 16s):
Legit. Are you in New York still right now? Let's get to it. I am.

19 (2h 26m 20s):
Yep, I am. Yep. Yeah.

0 (2h 26m 22s):
Where are you from? I'm in New York. Where are you from? Where are you from? I'm

19 (2h 26m 25s):
From, I'm from Jersey. My whole life I've been in New York and New Jersey. Yeah, Atlanta a little bit. Yeah.

0 (2h 26m 29s):
Well you went to that super good course. Super good school down there, Atlanta. Yep. Yep. Exactly. That was the face I was gonna make you. That that is it. I have heard, you know, you're moving to Los Angeles? Is that, how is Re's gonna be an LA guy? Let's go.

19 (2h 26m 43s):
Good morning. Football is gonna be in Los Angeles no matter what. I would like to think I'll have a, a role in it. We'll see if I'm moving the family and whatnot, but I, I re show is,

0 (2h 26m 55s):
You know, need to hear that La Pete. We need, we need, we need LA shrinks. Do you bash la shrinks that glow on your skin. Shrinks in LA the whole Yeah. Hawaiian shirts. Yeah, your syrup, everything

19 (2h 27m 6s):
Hawaiian. Chris, I was thinking opposite. I was thinking me at like Delilah or nice guy hanging out with like Drake and 21 Savage and

0 (2h 27m 13s):
Your side. The don't say

19 (2h 27m 14s):
Diddy. Don't say Diddy. No, no, no, no. Diddy

0 (2h 27m 18s):
Did you ever, did you ever cross paths with that guy George? You ever go to any Diddy party?

19 (2h 27m 22s):
No. you know, it's funny, I I like IN obviously know, but like I first, I grew up in New York and New Jersey and like the white party always sounded like the coolest thing in the Hamptons And. it was places that like I would never, I'm pretty happy not having been invited to anyone. Hey,

0 (2h 27m 40s):
Gore's his city guy though. King of New Yorks. Yeah. Legit city guy. Oh, look

19 (2h 27m 44s):
At nose. We

0 (2h 27m 46s):
Got a photo of you on the beach with Tobe I believe. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that's

19 (2h 27m 49s):
My

0 (2h 27m 49s):
Guy. Yeah. With s coordinator for Kansas. Yeah. Look at that photo trunks. Look how good you looks. Right. Great

19 (2h 27m 56s):
Special teams bro. I am a special teams maven. That is Dave Tob, one of the greatest to ever do at Kansas City Chief's Super Bowl champion special teams coach. Right.

0 (2h 28m 4s):
He lost Tommy Townsend. Yeah, I know he just signed down with Houston that he is a sneaky, massive, massive ordeal. And they,

19 (2h 28m 12s):
Tommy was awesome and I thought when they re replaced, col quit. That was a big deal. Then Tommy was like, as good if not better. I'm like, all right, now they're rolling the dice

0 (2h 28m 20s):
Again. Dustin, I I know you probably heard that he was a lefty. You guys played different balls and you guys were very different. Punters obviously tough to judge. Coco was there for like 27 years. The man then they signed punk on. Yeah, punk on now Rza back in Kansas City. I mean Punk

1 (2h 28m 34s):
Johnson

0 (2h 28m 35s):
Comes out. I'm excited to see, I'm excited to see where he puts the football section. Yeah. And and

1 (2h 28m 40s):
What Andy Reed does

0 (2h 28m 40s):
With him. Well and to Yeah guy, he's a, he's

1 (2h 28m 43s):
Got a tough act to follow down there

19 (2h 28m 44s):
For years. Tobe would get that head coaching buzz like he's the next Harbaugh special teams coach and then it kind of died. I think he satisfied doing special teams. But I love that we could even talk about Dave Bear love

0 (2h 28m 53s):
The show. Well it's because you were shoeless with him at some beach. He had those my boy, he had those sweet sand.

1 (2h 28m 59s):
The mells.

0 (2h 28m 59s):
Yeah. It can't be seen in those ever. Yeah, but if you're a tob. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta do your your thing. Let's get back to the draft. Re Ty is,

19 (2h 29m 7s):
I thought we were gonna talk about Bubba vent tron a little bit. No. Okay, let's go back to the

0 (2h 29m 10s):
Draft. Love Bubba. Vent. Fuck what a bring him

1 (2h 29m 13s):
Home. Exactly. I don't know why he is not the

0 (2h 29m 15s):
Where's that Hess at Cleveland still right? He's

19 (2h 29m 17s):
In Cleveland. He's in Cleveland. Yeah. Longtime Colts guy obviously.

0 (2h 29m 20s):
But yeah, we won a lot of games because of our special teams and then he just leaves town. It's like, okay then we're fair catching kickoffs. It's like, wait a minute.

1 (2h 29m 27s):
Big bubble's doing that.

0 (2h 29m 28s):
No way. No, no way.

19 (2h 29m 29s):
You could have a lot of different insiders on the show and reporters and I respect him all. No one's talking specials. Team coordinators like I am. Let's go

0 (2h 29m 36s):
Ires. Well Bill Belichick probably. But I understand what you're saying. I, I understand what you're saying in there. Let's get back to the draft high is a question for you.

6 (2h 29m 43s):
Yeah. Sha you were just mentioning Blue chip guys, how there's only about 15 of 'em. You missed Cooper Deje. Make no mistake about it. He is a blue chip guy. I don't care. you know what you're hearing. He is and he'll show on Sundays that he is. But he has been one of those guys who early on before he got hurt You know people were talking, hey this guy could be a top 10, top 15 pick. Then he gets hurt, breaks his fibula and after his workout he's kind of re ascending up draft boards. I think you have him going 22 to Philly. What do you think his ceiling is on draft night?

19 (2h 30m 16s):
Yeah. I think he's, he's in that 20 to 32 range if not early second round pick. Look, he is electric. He's coming off a serious injury. There's no November. So trying to recover from that. We'll see. But his pro day was great. He, he did everything he had to do and he does another thing. He plays special teams. He returns, kicks and turns punts and can do that. So I have him as my third cornerback, not safety. Cornerback So. I have like going Arnold.

1 (2h 30m 42s):
Yeah, we know. Amen.

0 (2h 30m 43s):
He plays corner corners. Yeah.

19 (2h 30m 45s):
Cornerback. Okay. Respect to Jason Chor and Scott Case Hell. yeah. And the many before them. But it

0 (2h 30m 51s):
Goes the many when I mean the many before them. Certainly

1 (2h 30m 54s):
In the fifties. Fifties there needs to be

0 (2h 30m 55s):
Some fifties. There needs to be some chatter about when

1 (2h 30m 58s):
That all an old,

19 (2h 30m 59s):
An old Charlie Chaplin film.

0 (2h 31m 1s):
Yeah, exactly. Silent film fired. Yeah, we, we agree. Cooper's second round. That's the first time I've heard that. Yeah.

6 (2h 31m 8s):
There's no way he's lasts until the second round. I hope he's still because I I, if the packers, if he's still there and the Packers get 25

19 (2h 31m 15s):
Gene, you like that?

6 (2h 31m 16s):
I'll, I'll jump off where we're at at the draft.

0 (2h 31m 18s):
Okay. So he won't, he won't return punts if he's playing corner. I don't think personally. Now there have been a lot of corners in the past who have gone on to return punts. But like when you're on the field to do both for a drive and then even kickoffs is even harder because they just scored seemingly. So you were on the field for the entire thing. Now you get a commercial break two and a half minutes. Now it's like, yeah, here we go, you gotta go. But if he does do that and they also have him at nickel Right. Or something else, it'll be okay. That'd be worth the first rounder. Yeah. Especially if he, yeah. you know what I mean? Definitely. People have drafted that And that look in the first round that

19 (2h 31m 51s):
That team has taken defensive backs in the past. Obviously J Alexander and I don't know, what's Quentin Rollins, was he second round? First round? They've done that st that

6 (2h 31m 58s):
Late STS recently.

19 (2h 31m 59s):
Stokes outta Georgia. Yep. So they've done it like they, they've no problem taking that position. What's cool about Cooper, he comes from a town of 1000, like one of these small towns. Oh, Iowa.

6 (2h 32m 9s):
Yeah, I know Powell. you know the

19 (2h 32m 12s):
Deal And you

6 (2h 32m 13s):
Basketball. Who? O Debolt, Iowa. Spell that. you know it. I think it's O-D-E-B-O-L-T. That is OO Debolt.

0 (2h 32m 21s):
Yeah. An O

19 (2h 32m 22s):
Population 1000. And was like the best basketball player to ever go through that high school average. Something crazy And. it has all his highlights of

0 (2h 32m 31s):
And track. He's a

6 (2h 32m 33s):
Sick

19 (2h 32m 34s):
Baseball athlete.

0 (2h 32m 34s):
Yeah. Is he smart? I assume he's maybe the smartest genius he could ever

6 (2h 32m 37s):
Come through. Probably. Probably. Here we go. I love

0 (2h 32m 39s):
This Is is his o to ball at high?

19 (2h 32m 41s):
Look at this.

6 (2h 32m 41s):
No, he actually went to O-A-B-C-I-G. Bunch of small towns together. Oh

0 (2h 32m 46s):
I've

19 (2h 32m 46s):
Seen they combine. It's one of those.

0 (2h 32m 47s):
Yeah, we had one of those in Pittsburgh. Went and played volleyball against out in the middle of the sticks. It was like Did you play volleyball? Yeah, I was pretty, I was okay. I was a pretty good volleyball player. Yeah. I enjoyed How's the

19 (2h 32m 59s):
Plum? How's the plum volleyball program?

0 (2h 33m 1s):
We were good. Solid. Yeah, we were good. We used to fill up gyms too. Like people come watch mostly because the other teams, hey let's, and there was a hole, you know? Yeah. Anytime I'm par of something, there's probably gonna be some dramatics, you know, there's gonna be some shit. Volleyball. It was awesome. It is my favorite sport. This is my favorite sport to play. Strike. You play

6 (2h 33m 18s):
Really like a bump sets. Yeah, right there brother.

19 (2h 33m 22s):
I, I went to Freehold Township High School. We didn't have a volleyball program but I, I like to get out and mix it up on the Jersey shore sometimes. And I like get out there in that beach style

0 (2h 33m 31s):
Baby. Beach volleyball. Beach volleyball. Obviously much different than gymnasium. Totally volleyball. But it's a great sport. I forget where I was heading, but I would assume if Cooper Deje played volleyball. Yeah. Oh yeah. He'd be the greatest volleyball done. He is. I'm excited to see what happens with him. Me too. I And that's gonna be a big story regardless 'cause of the way Pete Traeger laid this whole thing out. Absolutely. If you heard the, what he said, corner corner, he's gonna play corner back Cornerback back You know, you know, the same position as Pacman Jones. Yeah. He's gonna be playing corner back. Pacman played 12 years. Yeah. Absurd. Think about that. Who's the dude from Washington played like 16 years, 17 years of corner.

19 (2h 34m 9s):
Darryl Green.

0 (2h 34m 10s):
Yeah. How long was he there? How long was he at

19 (2h 34m 12s):
Corner? Darryl Green was there since like 80, I think 90 to 2000 something. Yeah. Damn. 18 years. 19 years.

0 (2h 34m 19s):
That's like the most, that's the position. You have to be the most athletic when it comes.

19 (2h 34m 23s):
Dude. Terrence Newman, remember Terrance Newman? He knew he played 1540. Right. 16 years in the corner. Yeah.

20 (2h 34m 28s):
Champ Bailey. Yeah. Champ. Champ. Joe Hayden.

0 (2h 34m 31s):
So athletic. Yeah. Joe's because you don't know what's coming and you have to be able to, the fastest people, wide receivers. Right. You have to be able to run with them and also break with them. Be quicker than them and smarter than them on every play. Never tap

19 (2h 34m 46s):
And they all, and they'll wanna move you to safety. Like that's the, okay, we'll get two more years at you of safety. But I love those guys who said no, I'm still a corner. Yeah.

0 (2h 34m 52s):
I was Pacman jokes. Pacman could've got probably two to three more years in a, in a career at safety. Especially with how he liked to hit people. But he said, oh no I'm not safety. I'm a, I'm a corner. Well Cooper Deje say I'm not safety, I'm a corner.

21 (2h 35m 4s):
He might, but he also would just say, I'm a fucking football

6 (2h 35m 7s):
Player. Put put me anywhere receiver, wide receiver kid. I'll play quarter quarterback. Won couple state keeps playing quarterback.

0 (2h 35m 14s):
Alright, let's move away from the draft and Cooper Deje. Even though it is a historic conversation. Yep. Let's talk about maybe some movement bet amongst teams that may be draft related but maybe not tone as a question for you.

2 (2h 35m 26s):
Sure. Yeah. It could be draft related. 'cause I, I saw in your mock at 20 of the Steelers going Brian Thomas Jr. Outta LSU. But in your little snippet you said basically this Omar Khan is not your father's Steeler's gm. Okay. He's not afraid to make moves and you know, there's this name that these Steelers insiders and other people are just keep throwing out there and it's brand. I you okay. Is there, what are you hearing on iu first and foremost? Is there a chance that if, you know, if the board doesn't fall the way the Steelers want it, that they try to make a draft night trade for IU or so maybe like Cortland Sutton, something like that.

19 (2h 35m 57s):
Yeah, look, I just thought when they went You know big on those quarterback moves And that was like gangster stuff that he was doing. Maneuvering that and moved the move the chessboard pretty well to get both Justin Fields and Russell Wilson. I, I, I just from sources within the league, it's like, all right, well wide receiver's next. When they made the Deontay Johnson trade for you know, Carolina. It was like, okay, well wide receiver's next. Omar's not done. It seems like there's been a bit of a stall on that. So if it's not IU and it's not, you know, Sutton, well they could very well get the fourth wide receiver in this draft. The way it stacks up, you've got the big three and then I've spoken to teams and it's like some teams love Thomas at LSU.

19 (2h 36m 39s):
I'm telling you there is a big love for lad McConkey as potentially the fourth wide receiver in this draft. As crazy as that might sound. And then also the two Texas kids.

0 (2h 36m 49s):
Why does that sound crazy Shrink? What's crazy about Yeah, we know he playing wide receiver the side end.

19 (2h 36m 55s):
What?

0 (2h 36m 56s):
He's playing wide receiver. What? What? What do you about?

19 (2h 37m 2s):
I think lad goes first round. But I'd say I'd be surprised if he was the fourth take and based on all the talk of him being the eighth or ninth guy going into this month. Got it. But he has jumped up draft boards, teams love meeting with lad, McConkey, footwork, smarts, all of 'em. And guess what? He ran a 4, 3, 9, 4. Good So I. You look at the Steelers, that's a really good spot. If you're sitting pretty at 20. Wow. And don't make a move. And you say, okay well we still get the fourth wide receiver in this draft. Two other names I would circle for the Steelers. Byron Murphy, the big defensive tackle from Texas who's awesome if he somehow falls to 20. And Darius Robinson, another defensive lineman, Adam Missouri who is getting a lot of buzz right now

0 (2h 37m 39s):
As well. I circled both of those names. Okay. I dunno if you guys saw. Yep.

19 (2h 37m 43s):
Tell Belichick circle them. Bill. Yeah.

0 (2h 37m 45s):
Well Bill actually said yesterday during the announcement, I can't wait to hear your guys' expertise. It's like Bill. Yeah, it's

19 (2h 37m 50s):
Enough easy. We get it, we get it, we

0 (2h 37m 52s):
Get it. We understand Bill. Hey shred. I love

19 (2h 37m 54s):
He had all the lombardi's behind him. I love that. That's

0 (2h 37m 56s):
Not all. That's great. There's two missing. Yeah. Yep. Because he's got eight, right? Yeah, he's

19 (2h 38m 0s):
Got two as a coordinator as well. So like does he like stay at the hotel with you? Like what's the I'm so fascinated by like the off camera with Bill. Is he hanging? Like what are we doing?

0 (2h 38m 8s):
Last Thursday I was in Chicago for a dinner with him. We were in a back room of a steak place that was playing Las Vegas Club music in there.

19 (2h 38m 18s):
Like Tiesto like we're going. Yeah.

0 (2h 38m 21s):
Okay. It's pretty loud. Pretty good speaker system.

19 (2h 38m 23s):
Not Sinatra, Vegas. We're talking Tiesto get

0 (2h 38m 25s):
Yeah, it was, it was very well speaker too. Like the room itself was meant for a good time. Hooked up. Lot of shit on the table. Like great And. it was just him and me. Big table. Big room. Just the

19 (2h 38m 36s):
Two of you. Just the two of us. This is like the scene in heat where Pacino and De Niro are finally together in a movie. Like that's what this feels

0 (2h 38m 41s):
Like. Well that's quite a compliment there. And that. But that is one of those, not both of those And. it was, it was me, him and his computer. And. we had film, we we went through film. Here's the photo from the end of the night. We had a couple adult beverages as well. What dude? Yeah, we had a couple adult beverages suited. Booted you Bill, huh? Yeah, he was just coming from a speaking opera corporate, I think is speaking event. Which he's gonna make so much money. Oh mama. Every company is just, we can have Bill Belichick coming in ears. Absolutely. Now come on in. Now we will pay you whatever. Ah. Isn't that gonna seem like too much? No. Is there? No, it's Bill Belichick. Yeah. Coming in. Yeah, he looked amazing. Had film. We had some drinks. He was hysterical. I'm telling three and a half hours I was fucking die.

0 (2h 39m 22s):
I was laughing. So

19 (2h 39m 23s):
My ass three and a half hours. So like you guys were so good on game day at the Army Navy game. And I'm like, all right. That's a great connection. He was so good on your show yesterday. I'm more fascinated with that stuff though. Like three and a half hours. 'cause everyone who knows Belichick, everyone in his world knew had Lombardi on for years and all that. They say he's like the coolest hang. And I haven't had that opportunity. I haven't seen that side. But everyone to a man says like, great dude, you would never expect how funny and how cool he is. Off field, off camera, drank,

0 (2h 39m 49s):
Had a cocktail that was originally served with no ice. Oh. And then an, Hey can I get a, can I get some, can I get some ice in this fucking

19 (2h 39m 59s):
Ice? Come on. What are we talking about here?

0 (2h 40m 1s):
It was amazing. It I pissed four times. He pissed zero times. That's coming right off the heels of Matt Rule saying they watched film for three and a half hours and he was like, you want water or something? 'cause I had to pee desperately, you know, I'm fine. He

19 (2h 40m 12s):
Might have a break. No coffee either, right? No coffee. No. Or

0 (2h 40m 15s):
Something That was on that was on political news last night. I think they were reported. Was it really? Yeah. That's great. Great to be back in the political news vein. Excited to be in there. I'm

19 (2h 40m 23s):
Sure we love Don.

0 (2h 40m 24s):
Worry Ash. R It's great. You guys get any that good morning football? You guys get dropped in a

19 (2h 40m 28s):
No, we talking about like what kind of, what kind of party favor would you want to get a birthday party for Sam?

0 (2h 40m 37s):
Thanks. Throw on the blast. Oh. Oh no. But it's entertaining. I mean there's some segments where we feel for you while it's happening. Like all of you up there. 'cause we're a big fan. I'm a big fan of Kyle. Yes. Yeah. As well. In the whole three hours

19 (2h 40m 49s):
Every day in the off season you get segments. Like if you were to go to Coachella with any NFL head coach, who would it be? And it's like, good question. Let's

0 (2h 40m 56s):
Do it. That's not a bad seat. That's

19 (2h 40m 58s):
Not a bad's. Good one. I like,

0 (2h 40m 59s):
I like that one. There's some third hour ones that you guys get forced to do where we're like, buddy Kai couldn't even imagine my reaction if that was presented to me to be like, Hey, here we

19 (2h 41m 8s):
Go.

0 (2h 41m 8s):
Good luck. But you guys crush it and that's why the move has this a lot. A lot of us worry. Yes. We watch every morning in here Shas. We watch

19 (2h 41m 15s):
Every morning in here. You guys, you guys have been great supporters and I am so appreciative of it. I mean, I remember when I came to The ThunderDome and I was with Kingsbury and you guys had our show on. I was like on the screen. I'm like, that's damn cool. Yeah, it was neat.

0 (2h 41m 27s):
Yeah. Shrinks everybody had your damn show on This's. Why you guys won. Yeah. Fucking right. And now it's not on.

19 (2h 41m 32s):
Right. Hold on. Belichick has his lombardi's. Aww.

0 (2h 41m 37s):
He was one of those two. Yeah, he he had one of those too. He did. He had one of those two shrinks.

19 (2h 41m 41s):
I don't work for Amazon. They were trying to curry favor to me. They made me one of these. Did you get one of

0 (2h 41m 44s):
These? Yeah, they sent us one of those too. Yeah.

19 (2h 41m 47s):
Does that look like me? Yeah.

0 (2h 41m 48s):
Just like you. I wasactually just like you guys. Holy shit. Striking.

19 (2h 41m 51s):
Needs to be more jacked though. Needs They should have made your

0 (2h 41m 53s):
Arms bigger. Yeah. And your legs too. Look at those tiny little paint

19 (2h 41m 56s):
We have. No, yeah, we have no morning show anymore. We've been on hiatus. So I. I've been going to the gym. I'm trying to get a little bigger here. I'm ready for the WWE baby Hell.

0 (2h 42m 4s):
Yeah. You're gonna take a bump. Craig, you gonna take a bump? You think you could like you, you, you, you think you could be a good wrestling person? I think you could be a manager. Oh yeah. I could be a good manager for

19 (2h 42m 13s):
Sure. Manager. Yeah. They don't have wrestlers. Like when we were kids, like, like Barry Horowitz and Erwin r Schweitzer. Like they don't have those guys anymore. No, they don't. Guys wanna bring back. No, they don't. IRS

0 (2h 42m 24s):
Was a dog dude. He

19 (2h 42m 25s):
Was, he was they Don? Is

0 (2h 42m 26s):
That who you're talking? you know, I'll tell you what, I think that's the first wrestling conversation I've ever been in. Where those are the two guys that were kind of referenced. But I respect him. Barry Horowitz

19 (2h 42m 34s):
Would slap himself on the back. Remember that dude? Yeah.

0 (2h 42m 36s):
Come on dude. Just like you shrinks. Maybe get you out there pal.

19 (2h 42m 40s):
Saturday morning superstars are wrestling. I was the guy that, I'll be the guy who just gets his ass kicked every week.

0 (2h 42m 45s):
No, no, no Need those people. You know nobody ever talks about the Washington Generals. That's right. Yeah. All of them globe. Trump have need them for a long time.

19 (2h 42m 54s):
There he is. There's IRSI was also a Brooklyn brawler guy. I mean, those are my guys.

0 (2h 42m 58s):
Yeah. Hey, listen, if you were to pay attention nowadays, you'd find somebody you'd love. Oh yeah.

19 (2h 43m 3s):
Are there? Oh,

0 (2h 43m 4s):
You'd love Ivar. I think you'd love Ivar r Love him. He's

19 (2h 43m 8s):
The best. Like Ivar, he's IRAs

1 (2h 43m 11s):
Is a Cal

0 (2h 43m 13s):
JD McDonald.

1 (2h 43m 14s):
Dominic

0 (2h 43m 15s):
Mysterio. Ray Mysterio. His kid. You'd love

1 (2h 43m 17s):
Him. Love Dirty Dom. You'd love him. I would love

19 (2h 43m 18s):
To be like the fanboy of the most random wrestler you got. Well that's,

1 (2h 43m 22s):
I'm doing, that's

0 (2h 43m 23s):
What we're doing right now. Yeah. We're kind of feeding because

19 (2h 43m 25s):
You get those, like those guys who are like, I'm a fan of a soccer team, but not in the first league or the second league, but the third league. No, no. That's my guy.

1 (2h 43m 32s):
Who's that guy? That is your That's

0 (2h 43m 35s):
My guy. He's part of Judgment Day though. Shake. You're not gonna wanna team up with this group. No, no. They're not gonna wanna team up.

19 (2h 43m 40s):
That's my dude.

16 (2h 43m 41s):
They're in trouble without that guy. Without mommy though. Yeah.

1 (2h 43m 43s):
Mommy's

0 (2h 43m 43s):
Out. Mommy. The the, the mommy of the group out with a shoulder injury. Yeah. She got hurt backstage attacked from Liv Morgan.

1 (2h 43m 51s):
Liv Morgan Revenge tour.

0 (2h 43m 53s):
Holy

1 (2h 43m 53s):
Shit. The rest of the girls better. Be careful. Damian Priest is gonna take his game to another level. Well, he's a champion. Damian Priest. Tom talking. What's

0 (2h 44m 0s):
That? Strikes

19 (2h 44m 1s):
Damian Priest

16 (2h 44m 2s):
Might know him as Punishment Martinez

1 (2h 44m 6s):
For me. You

0 (2h 44m 7s):
Don't. He's our world heavyweight champion son.

1 (2h 44m 9s):
A bitch. For

19 (2h 44m 10s):
Real. Yeah.

1 (2h 44m 11s):
Trick. He strikes He don't

0 (2h 44m 13s):
Do what you're doing right now. He's breaking

19 (2h 44m 15s):
This second. I love it. I love, I love I got into it. I watched WrestleMania, but I, I saw the final stuff with Undertaker and you and the amazing call. Like I loved all that. I didn't know the The Heavyweight Champion. Yeah. Oh yeah.

0 (2h 44m 24s):
Well so it seems like you watched a clip of the end of WrestleMania. Yeah, that's

1 (2h 44m 28s):
What it sounds that five minutes. Oh, don't say that. That's

0 (2h 44m 32s):
Drake. Feels like that's what you did. Drake.

1 (2h 44m 35s):
No, don't say that.

0 (2h 44m 36s):
It was a great WrestleMania. WrestleMania 40 40 was awesome. WrestleMania 40 one's gonna be sweet wherever it is. And then

19 (2h 44m 41s):
Can we break some news? Where's next year's WrestleMania?

0 (2h 44m 43s):
So that is something that is very talked about. I think. I know, I don't know Whoa,

1 (2h 44m 50s):
It feels like there are signs I, based on

19 (2h 44m 52s):
Reports. Can I give, can I give three guesses?

0 (2h 44m 55s):
Sure, sure. I don't know the answer. So. I don't. I will not be able to tell you if you're right or not.

19 (2h 44m 58s):
I'm gonna talk about great, great Cities and I'm gonna say Detroit. Is that a possibility?

1 (2h 45m 3s):
Nope. No change. I don't think Detroit signed. No fucking signed for the draft though. Yeah. Are they leaving up that stupid sign for it? They just had

19 (2h 45m 10s):
Like Summer Slam,

1 (2h 45m 10s):
Didn't

0 (2h 45m 11s):
They? Yes. Yeah.

1 (2h 45m 12s):
They said they're never going back after, didn't they? They did not say.

0 (2h 45m 15s):
They did not say it. I thought they did. But they did just have Summer Slam, which is second biggest show of the year here in the United States of America. So no, it won't be Detroit.

1 (2h 45m 22s):
Welcome to the Silver Dome brother too. Alright, Denver. Ooh. Ah. Open Air Mile High

0 (2h 45m 30s):
Open Air Stadium.

1 (2h 45m 31s):
Oh yeah.

19 (2h 45m 32s):
Little Red Rocks action. Is that even close? I don't think so.

0 (2h 45m 35s):
No. They would rent it out probably and have somebody do something. Yeah. They 20

1 (2h 45m 38s):
Minute

0 (2h 45m 38s):
Crazy wrestle. you know, Denver would be sick. Denver is a great, it's sick. Chill. What's the weather? What's the weather?

1 (2h 45m 43s):
I don't know. It's actually, it's kind of nice. When I went in February it was like sixties

0 (2h 45m 47s):
Because I think they say that where they are latitude wise is actually not that bad. Yes. You get up in the mountain bad, then it gets cold. They can get the snow and shit like that. But I guess it's not at the average

1 (2h 45m 58s):
Low is 35. So that's not happening. Oh, right now. After this year. Yeah. Well and they, I believe they did just get, they got like six inches of snow a couple weeks ago. Yeah.

0 (2h 46m 6s):
It won't be Denver. You're Oh, for two strikes, keep

19 (2h 46m 8s):
Shooting. It has to be be Open Air Stadium or could it be closed?

0 (2h 46m 11s):
No, it can be closed. Open air is like not good. 'cause like Philadelphia was freezing night one was it really? It was. They had a northerly wind coming through. The boy,

2 (2h 46m 19s):
Nick Conn said not a Cold City Open Air stadium again.

0 (2h 46m 23s):
Yeah. Well and Philly was great. Their favorite was. Yeah, it was awesome. Fantastic.

19 (2h 46m 26s):
This is the tweet I saw So. I was okay on the east. Okay. How about Minnesota? They got a beautiful indoor Ooh,

1 (2h 46m 32s):
I like that.

0 (2h 46m 33s):
Minnesota's not bad. And the city's connected downtown, right? Yeah. Yep. So everything

19 (2h 46m 37s):
Just like Indy.

0 (2h 46m 37s):
Everything could be Be

13 (2h 46m 39s):
Con has a booked already for that time.

0 (2h 46m 40s):
Yeah, you're right. Gary v's. Conference I think is the entire month of April. Gary

19 (2h 46m 45s):
Was at Gary. I was gonna say, not missing that. We saw him at Manny. He might be in the main event next year. So

2 (2h 46m 50s):
I saw him walking out with his chair and somebody else's.

0 (2h 46m 52s):
I took a photo. Well that was TJ from the Rich Eisen show that he was walking out. Little Side. I got a chance to chitchat with both of em. It was great to see them. Schreker wasn't there. He only watched a clip at the ending though. That's

19 (2h 47m 2s):
It. It's not true. I watched, I watched it on Peacock. I watched a lot of it.

1 (2h 47m 6s):
Kyle was there.

0 (2h 47m 7s):
Kyle was, Kyle was there. Was

19 (2h 47m 8s):
There He was

0 (2h 47m 8s):
Great promo afterwards too. Awesome. On the steps. Very, very. Thank I I He, I sent him a text. He sent me a text. I sent him a text about like, his

19 (2h 47m 16s):
Kid was, his kid was gritty on the steps of the, it was cool. Yeah,

0 (2h 47m 19s):
It was. It was really nice of him to say that. Like legit. It was very cool to hear about his experience at WrestleMania as a first timer. He seems like a perfect guy for the WWE e Oh

19 (2h 47m 28s):
Absolutely.

0 (2h 47m 28s):
Oh gosh. His personality. He's perfect. Watch out. Alright tra So you told us you're not moving to la That's a bummer. But yeah, we'll

19 (2h 47m 35s):
Figure it out. I didn't, I didn't say that. I said it's, it's a conversation. But do do love, love the show. And also love New York City. Yeah,

0 (2h 47m 42s):
Of course. Yeah. Amen. Of course. Yeah. We understand. We're excited to see how that works out. As avid fans of yours and the program, we can't wait chitchat with you next week. Hopefully as you piece together your final mock draft, you're the man. Good luck next weekend.

19 (2h 47m 54s):
Thank you so much, Pat for having me on guys. Love you. Appreciate it. You too.

0 (2h 47m 57s):
Love. Ladies and gentlemen. Peter Schrager love yous. Love you. Strikes. All

2 (2h 48m 3s):
Right. He had his fastball working today. Yeah.

0 (2h 48m 5s):
His wife like, yeah, I'll be, I'll be a part of the show family. I don't know. Oh, hilarious. What did his wife like? Excuse me. Yeah, we're moving to Los Angeles. Oh, thank. Well that's what we were, yeah, that decision was, we heard that decision was made. Like we heard they knew really, really, really far in advance. Yeah. And that wasn't just dropped on 'em out of nowhere. No, no. Did you hear that aj? That's good.

13 (2h 48m 25s):
That's good to give 'em, give 'em enough advance, you know, with all their families and everything they have going on in their life. That's

0 (2h 48m 30s):
Good. I heard that. Really? I heard there was a quick drop in. Yeah. Excuse me. We're moving to where by when? Next football season.

19 (2h 48m 38s):
He got three months to find

2 (2h 48m 39s):
A house out there. Okay.

0 (2h 48m 40s):
Everything's really affordable too. Yeah. Yeah. You'd be fine. Everything's really,

1 (2h 48m 44s):
I mean if Shas really wants to swing the pendulum, just take his family on a nice subway ride. Like you wanna do this forever or do you want to go to la?

0 (2h 48m 51s):
I've seen some videos outta that subway as of late. I don't know if I'm going to, no

1 (2h 48m 54s):
Fucking way. I

2 (2h 48m 55s):
Don't know if I wanna go the other place either. True.

0 (2h 48m 57s):
Well I'm wearing, I don't know why people, more people aren't doing this. We talked about this with somebody that lives in New York. 'cause we're hearing people are just getting punched. Yeah. They need to start wearing like motorcycle helmets around. Yeah. Everybody loves fashion. you know, that's, that could be the new fashion. Just wear the motorcycle helmet then. Nobody's punching anybody in the face all the

13 (2h 49m 16s):
Time. Then what? Just all the time. Keep it on.

0 (2h 49m 17s):
Well if you're traveling around. Yeah.

13 (2h 49m 19s):
Wear a football helmet. Wear a football helmet. You I think get better vision probably.

0 (2h 49m 22s):
Perfect. Yeah. Get get you a nice kicker or quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. And then what if we get people with the D lineman old school? There

1 (2h 49m 30s):
It is. Yeah. Face mask guard. Show up at work.

0 (2h 49m 33s):
Yep. Take your helmet off. Put it on the hat rack. Yep. Yep. And they're walking back. I just, as I watch more and more videos on the internet of people just getting attacked outta nowhere in New York. It's like put some helmets on. All of a sudden you're breaking fists. Yeah. You up breaking your

1 (2h 49m 45s):
Fist. Easy fix. Probably want

6 (2h 49m 47s):
Chain mail underneath your clothes too, because there's a lot of people getting stabbed down there.

1 (2h 49m 50s):
Oh,

0 (2h 49m 50s):
That's the shark stuff,

1 (2h 49m 51s):
Right? Yep. Yep. Avoid the chains.

0 (2h 49m 53s):
Remember we learned the other day, if you do see any sharks walking the streets of New York City. Yep. They only get pissed if you touch their private parks.

1 (2h 50m 1s):
Exactly.

0 (2h 50m 2s):
Don't touch any shark thongs. Nope.

1 (2h 50m 4s):
They actually have two. Well,

13 (2h 50m 5s):
Yep. If they're trying to attack you though, I thought that's what you're

1 (2h 50m 8s):
Supposed to. I'll look up the picture.

0 (2h 50m 9s):
It's gross. He said they only attack you if you touch it, so.

13 (2h 50m 12s):
Oh, true. Okay. Yeah,

0 (2h 50m 14s):
You gotta ride the their back. I think you just gotta, hang on. I see a lot of people on here Hang,

1 (2h 50m 18s):
Do fin Tickle Fin A

13 (2h 50m 20s):
People hanging on the dorsal fin of those shark.

0 (2h 50m 22s):
Yeah. They're always doing like this really cool slow post.

1 (2h 50m 26s):
Right? Yep. Yeah.

13 (2h 50m 27s):
Right.

0 (2h 50m 28s):
Like that looks so cool. Yeah. How deep in the ocean are you? How long is that trip out to where you are and how quickly can that fucker say Yeah, I'm about done with you being a little bit of a hanger on I'm

1 (2h 50m 38s):
Starving. Yeah.

0 (2h 50m 39s):
But I appreciate that they're doing it. Always white people. Oh

1 (2h 50m 42s):
Yeah. Yeah. Nice.

0 (2h 50m 47s):
Oh,

13 (2h 50m 49s):
Remember when poop, he's got his hand bit by that shark.

0 (2h 50m 51s):
Yeah. I was worried about poopy.

1 (2h 50m 52s):
Still am s screwing up.

0 (2h 50m 54s):
Being worried about people. Mabu needs to stay away from guns. Yeah.

1 (2h 50m 59s):
I

0 (2h 50m 59s):
Dunno if you saw little Mabu. Oh yeah.

1 (2h 51m 0s):
Well hold on, hold on. Tell me what happened. There has been an update. Yeah, it was a shoot. Or excuse me, it was a work.

0 (2h 51m 6s):
Oh, little Mabu wouldn't do that. Nah. I thought I, as soon as I saw him almost blow his foot off with a gun, I was like, Mabu wouldn't be making that mistake. Turns out.

1 (2h 51m 14s):
Yeah.

6 (2h 51m 15s):
It's a blank.

0 (2h 51m 17s):
Well, don't be killing anybody mabu.

1 (2h 51m 18s):
No. Right.

0 (2h 51m 20s):
Alright, well let's end the show on that. Okay. Happy to hear it wasn't a real live gun. He owe a show himself with Exactly.

1 (2h 51m 25s):
Kind of good news. It is good. Feel good story.

0 (2h 51m 28s):
Yeah. Still got the Mabu.

1 (2h 51m 29s):
Good promo.

0 (2h 51m 31s):
Yeah, I seen it. Yeah. and

1 (2h 51m 32s):
That

0 (2h 51m 33s):
Never makes its way into mind. Nope.

1 (2h 51m 34s):
Never nor should itty

0 (2h 51m 37s):
Ty BU's chasing his jaw.

1 (2h 51m 38s):
Yeah. You don't like ba boom is

13 (2h 51m 39s):
He? It will be. It will be soon though. That that thing, I think I texted you right after you were talking about that dude getting run over by the truck a couple days ago. The second the show was over. Boom, it popped up for me.

0 (2h 51m 48s):
Yeah. See that's the, here's this one. Boom. Just shot shots. Ground F pulling out. Oh, it did look like it was a little bit too set up, but yeah, I didn't know it with Mabu. You never know with Mabu.

1 (2h 51m 58s):
Exactly. He's a wild card.

0 (2h 51m 60s):
Mabu is a wild card.

6 (2h 52m 1s):
MIT said he is gotta Drake this going out

1 (2h 52m 5s):
Mi personally or

6 (2h 52m 6s):
Mbu? No. MIT told me

1 (2h 52m 7s):
That via bu. Yeah.

0 (2h 52m 8s):
Mit.

6 (2h 52m 8s):
MIT has by way of little mabu.

0 (2h 52m 11s):
Yeah. Alright, let's get to a break. Big feel good Friday, tomorrow.

1 (2h 52m 15s):
Huge.

0 (2h 52m 15s):
Let's not find ourselves in any situations where, and I'm not talking about us, I'm talking about the whole world where we look like Greg Doyle yesterday. Yeah. Okay. Just for the good of society. That

1 (2h 52m 25s):
Guy's a weirdo. Huh.

16 (2h 52m 27s):
I would've never expected that from him.

0 (2h 52m 29s):
I mean, I've known Greg a long time. He's been here in Indianapolis a long time. He was heralded as You know, an incredible writer. He's one of the only people left at Indie Star who I have, you know, known throughout my entire time here. He's obviously

1 (2h 52m 46s):
Pretty O fish.

0 (2h 52m 48s):
Well he used that word yesterday. But he is like a, you know, he likes to point out things that he thinks is wrong. Sure. And other humans and other things on a very regular basis. So whenever you have a situation arise with one of the biggest stars on earth on the first day in town and you sound the way you sound and do the things you do, you don't have a lot of people that are ever gonna say like, no, that's not him. And instead it's complete

6 (2h 53m 9s):
Opposite. Yeah. They're gonna kill you for it. Yeah.

0 (2h 53m 11s):
And they should. Yeah. That was a very, very weird, weird interaction.

1 (2h 53m 15s):
Could I I, I'd even go as far as say weirdest. I'm, yeah.

0 (2h 53m 18s):
I've ever been the weirdest potential outcome of an interaction at an opening press conference for the biggest star that's ever played for the team ever. Yes. With that being said, I'm happy that Kaitlyn Clark didn't just choose to hate our entire fucking city because of,

6 (2h 53m 31s):
I thought right after she was gonna be like, fuck this. Trade me. Trade me. I'm outta here.

0 (2h 53m 34s):
Yeah. And I saw his apology. Oh it is just so me. Hey, don't fuck this up for the whole city. Please. We got a superstar here who's awesome. We got a chance to chat with her. She sat in traffic to get up to The. ThunderDome. We got a chance to chat with her for 15 minutes or whatever. It's like, we are lucky she's here. She needs to understand that And. we are like, let's, let's make her like this is your homeo. Yeah. That's not a, you know, that's not how Indiana is that thing. That interaction is not how Indiana is. She

1 (2h 54m 1s):
Doesn't need a weird uncle in her home.

0 (2h 54m 3s):
Why? Just tell you do that to me. We will be okay.

13 (2h 54m 6s):
I had a hard time. I had a hard time finishing. It did. Yeah,

1 (2h 54m 8s):
Exactly. Me too. Yeah. It was that weird.

0 (2h 54m 10s):
I was getting a little tack.

13 (2h 54m 11s):
I just feel like, ah, I just shut it off. Can't,

0 (2h 54m 14s):
Well I read the the caption first. Yeah. And I was like, how, you know?

6 (2h 54m 19s):
Yeah. It's gotta be outta context. It's gotta be,

0 (2h 54m 22s):
It could be that bad, it could be that. And then as I'm listening to it and then I hear the rest of the room laugh, I'm like, who the fuck's in the room? It is

13 (2h 54m 28s):
Like weird nervous laugh. What was

6 (2h 54m 29s):
This? Yeah. Probably very uncomfortable. I would assume Ha

1 (2h 54m 34s):
His follow

0 (2h 54m 34s):
Up too. A lot of people in that profession have judged us pretty harshly, you know? Yep. For especially that one long time. And there's Yeah. And there's a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. And there's, it feels like all, I'm not getting into it. Let's get outta here. A lot of people that are on the high horse, seemingly. Oh yeah. You know inevitably, let's take a break. We'll be back for feel good Friday. But let's remember not to be that person. Okay. Press conferences or life, let's move forward.

1 (2h 55m 1s):
Hey man,

0 (2h 55m 2s):
I saw a lot of people saying, talking about how women athletes are talked to versus how male athletes are talked to. I never understood that because when we talked to Caitlin yesterday, that's a fucking savage. Like that is, that is how you talk to ca, Caitlyn Clark. I'm talking to a person who is more competitive, more talented, more driven than any other human in the building. I'm, it's not a male or female thing. It's like I am talking to an athlete who is a fucking monster right there. So I. Don't understand how that is even a narrative that that happens. But also like Caitlyn Clark handled it

1 (2h 55m 39s):
Perfect. Yeah. I mean it's,

0 (2h 55m 41s):
Yeah,

13 (2h 55m 42s):
It could have been really, could've got really awkward too. Like she, she did a very good job.

0 (2h 55m 45s):
Feeds even more into like beast. Yeah. Like, yeah. All right bro. I, I ain't get this your guy. She's probably saying something and then let's move along. So I hate that. That's how it started. But the way it's gonna finish is with just 10 straight W titles on.

1 (2h 55m 60s):
That's right. A lot of gold.

0 (2h 56m 1s):
How much fun is that gonna be for us?

1 (2h 56m 3s):
So much? Tell you what,

13 (2h 56m 4s):
Jacked up everyone there. The, the parades you're gonna have. Everything's gonna be

1 (2h 56m 7s):
Oh yes. I think of the parade.

0 (2h 56m 9s):
I didn't even just now I thought

1 (2h 56m 11s):
I know. Yeah. Oh, big time. City's never had one walk. The city's never had one. Think how big it's gonna be. Massive.

0 (2h 56m 17s):
There has been massive a parade here. Wow. Doesn't Indy have the motorcycle guys too? Do they just stand on the bikes? Oh yeah. The, yes. Our motorcycle and Oh, they have a name. They have a name. They have a name. I know them. They're great people. What do you mean? I should talk to them. I should say

13 (2h 56m 32s):
The motorcycle, the cops on motorcycles. Yeah.

0 (2h 56m 34s):
They have like a crew, like the traffic control crew. you know what I mean? And something just happened. That was,

1 (2h 56m 39s):
Yeah, I told you this thing was a piece of shit. It just busted. So you, yeah. Anyways,

0 (2h 56m 45s):
Indianapolis, the Indian, his feet thing, he's been kicking it around and it's very heavy. The thing that his feet sit on and he, oh, there the drill team obviously. And then there's a whole unit or whatever and Captain I, Nicki is in charge of them. Nice. They're a great group of people. And they're also like a cool like, yeah, let's have a good, like they get it. Yeah. They're like a, a cool group. So parade here in Indianapolis would be epic. She's gonna lead us the one. Yeah. El least one.

1 (2h 57m 12s):
Barry, get your tickets now. 'cause they're only going up baby.

0 (2h 57m 17s):
You gotta get ahead of time, huh? Yeah.

1 (2h 57m 19s):
Some, sometimes you just, you make a good risk-free investment if you will.

0 (2h 57m 23s):
Last thing before we go ladies and gentlemen. Ya. Yager has scored a goal. What for the Czech Republic? National team. National team. He is 52 years old. We should have put him on the goddamn pens whenever he was in Pittsburgh. Yeah. He just outs skated a guy with a nice one. I mean, what? Why wast he playing for the pens? He was literally in our arena. Jeez. For three weeks. They lost his bobbleheads. He stuck around. He was sleeping on the bench in Pittsburgh. Jeez. Just give the guy some money, let him play Dangles. Filthy. 52 years old. What

1 (2h 57m 55s):
Goal? That's Ax baby first. Shit.

13 (2h 57m 58s):
52 playing against with some 21 year olds.

0 (2h 58m 0s):
Probably. Yeah. Not even happy about it. There's more Do boys

2 (2h 58m 3s):
And. we know they're on the, the gas that biz told us about. We,

0 (2h 58m 7s):
We do not know that. And I,

2 (2h 58m 8s):
He told us that was

0 (2h 58m 9s):
Russia not er though.

1 (2h 58m 11s):
Not the check. Oh, I

2 (2h 58m 12s):
Forgot. They're not the same.

1 (2h 58m 14s):
Geez. Whoa, get

0 (2h 58m 15s):
Out here.

13 (2h 58m 17s):
You sure

0 (2h 58m 18s):
Now's the time. Alright, we're back tomorrow with a feel good Friday. I I I believe there'll be a trip to a rumor mill tomorrow. Ooh,

1 (2h 58m 25s):
Aj.

13 (2h 58m 26s):
Oh no. Who, who runs that? Who's usually who's the point man? What

0 (2h 58m 29s):
Was, what was the, oh no, the hell. What

13 (2h 58m 31s):
Is I was very happy. It made me happy. I'm glad it didn't go away. I was honestly very excited.

0 (2h 58m 36s):
Yeah. What are,

1 (2h 58m 37s):
He's talking, what are you

13 (2h 58m 37s):
Talking, what's that guy's name again? What's that guy's name again?

0 (2h 58m 39s):
You're talking about Donny. Dawn. Dawn.

13 (2h 58m 41s):
Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm glad he's still around. Glad he's still alive.

1 (2h 58m 44s):
What do you mean?

0 (2h 58m 44s):
Yeah, he's still alive. He's, I'm excited to hear what he's heard. you know what, what portions of things? What? Oh no, that Kaitlyn Collect press conference. Bingo.

1 (2h 58m 53s):
Oh. Oh, it's the's. The top of the list. Rumor has,

0 (2h 58m 57s):
Oh no. I think Mad Mel will be making an appearance now that we're less than a week away from the, the draft from what I've been told Tomorrow on Feel Good Friday. And who else? Big Friday. Who else will we just cold call in the middle of the show? 'cause we're bored. Don't have anything else to talk about. We'll see.

13 (2h 59m 11s):
Right. Tony? Tony Meola.

0 (2h 59m 14s):
I Good call Tony. We're

1 (2h 59m 15s):
Doing right now. Good idea.

0 (2h 59m 18s):
Is he preparing for

13 (2h 59m 19s):
Film? He film. He better be.

0 (2h 59m 20s):
Is he preparing for the soccer

1 (2h 59m 21s):
Tournament now? He better be.

0 (2h 59m 22s):
I don't even know if he's gonna be able to make it. 'cause his kid plays for a baseball team in college. And if they make it to the thingy, it's the same exact time as

1 (2h 59m 28s):
Omaha. They won't. Who's he play for?

0 (2h 59m 32s):
You don't even know.

1 (2h 59m 33s):
Well that's, I'm asking Oklahoma

0 (2h 59m 34s):
State. I think they got a good theme.

1 (2h 59m 35s):
It's tough to make it to WCWS. Very, he's

2 (2h 59m 39s):
Gonna stay at Wendy's house when you make it. Yeah.

0 (2h 59m 42s):
He lives in fucking Omaha. Did we know that?

13 (2h 59m 44s):
How'd he get there? Is the question Walked

1 (2h 59m 47s):
Oh, yep. From Columbus. Why fucking Forest Gump? Yeah. Why?

0 (2h 59m 51s):
Because

13 (2h 59m 52s):
He why would you watch it?

0 (2h 59m 53s):
He's hunting the story. Dude. He's a fucking journalist.

2 (2h 59m 55s):
He was looking to buy a gymnasium.

0 (2h 59m 57s):
Do all. No. Anthony. Hey Tony Gratzi. Okay, we'll see you next time. Alright. We're back. Tomorrow should be a dumb show. There's no reason to watch, but we hope you will be a friend. Tell the friend something nice. We gotta give thanks. Randy Johnson was awesome. Yeah, thank you. Big unit. You were amazing. Windy, fantastic. He you are his Ohio chief. you know that.

1 (3h 0m 16s):
Pretty

13 (3h 0m 17s):
Cool. I guess so. Yeah. Wendy. Yeah. He's hilarious. He's still a big Ohio State fan.

0 (3h 0m 21s):
You guys are watching a game together next year. That's cute. I'm happy we put that together. Yeah, I know. That's awesome. That is very cool. That's nice.

13 (3h 0m 26s):
That's nice of you to put that together. Well,

0 (3h 0m 27s):
You were the one that put it up your

1 (3h 0m 29s):
Idea. I should be able to, you know, hang out too if, if, if I'm allowed All kinds

2 (3h 0m 33s):
Of Yeah, if there's, there's room one

0 (3h 0m 35s):
To go as well. It's one on one time. Okay.

13 (3h 0m 37s):
Oh yeah, conman. Good. Fair enough. You guys are, yeah, it's gonna be fun, man.

0 (3h 0m 40s):
No, it's one on one time. One-on-one. You,

13 (3h 0m 42s):
You espresso martinis while we with Wendy. Why not that? Okay.

2 (3h 0m 45s):
Loves Espresso Martinis.

0 (3h 0m 47s):
You guys can't be sitting in saying there has to be at least one seat. We won't go. Okay. Thanks. Peter. Schrager.

1 (3h 0m 53s):
Thank Youre boy. Schrader's

0 (3h 0m 55s):
Awesome. I'm bummed out about good morning

1 (3h 0m 56s):
Football. I know. That'll be tough.

13 (3h 0m 58s):
He said he hoped he

0 (3h 0m 59s):
Has a, A role. Yeah, they'll figure it out. Pay him. Pay the man. I don't think it's about that. It sounds like it. I don't know. It sounds like it might be about that. Can I think if you gimme a little bump I can move to California. Yep. That's gonna have to be quite, I mean he's like, so he is the king of New York City. I know. It's kind his whole gimmick, isn't it? Yeah. If you can make it in New York, you make it anywhere. You can make it anywhere. So will he not not be the king of la He would be. Yeah. I don't know. Mc VA's best friend too. So to get pretty juiced about that photo of him on the beach. Yeah. Him and tow look sweet out there. All right, let's get the hell outta here. We'll be back tomorrow. Be your friend. Tell friend something nice. It might change the life. We're in this thing together. Never forget it. Okay. Press conferences. Yeah. All that kind of stuff.

0 (3h 1m 40s):
Never forget it. Alright, team on meet, team on three. Let's have a good one tonight. Okay. Hell? yeah. Hell. yeah. 1, 2, 3. Team. Goodbye.