0 (1s):
The 2024 NFL draft hits to Detroit, and it's time to see who gets the job. Caleb

1 (7s):
Is a unique and special talent throwing the

0 (9s):
Football and what sets them apart? The Heen Trophy winner is Jaden Daniels. All of the greats were hired here. Oh, the throw Bible homes. See who gets the job. Oh, you know, brother. The 2024 NFL draft begins Thursday, April 25th on ESPN A B, C and NFL Network.

2 (30s):
Hello, beautiful people and welcome to the annual lead meetings in Orlando, Florida. On this Tuesday, March 26th, 2024, This sports program starts. now

0 (43s):
Sports

3 (44s):
Are happening. A lot of conversations happening about a lot of sports like West Virginia getting screwed by the refs. Last night in the women's NCAA tournament where they saw zero free throws down to stretch in Iowa, got 15 of them. Nonetheless, Kaitlyn Clark puts up 32 points in the Iowa Hawkeyes continue their journey to a hopeful national championship while the West Virginia Mountaineers women's team got screwed. Yep.

0 (1m 5s):
Well, I

3 (1m 6s):
Don't know about that. That's happening in March. Madness. Obviously there's other chatter about that. Baseball has something popping off. What is it? Oh, show. Hey, Ani spoke with a new interpreter, said, I ain't been on baseball. I didn't bet on anything. I was bamboozled. Pretty much. Yep. What he said. I don't think anybody else's microphones are on. And Lee, if there is, there's a massive echo And it. We are in a Ken conference room in a hotel that is the home of the annual league meeting. It is wonderful. Down here in Florida. The weather is amazing. We have to play in this morning about 2 45 after a fantastic Monday night raw and felt a little bit of humidity. We thought the 57 degree weather And, we thought to ourselves, wow, we're in the right spot. Lemme tell you how I know we're in the right spot. Just got done talking to Jim and John Harbaugh right outside here, Whoa.

3 (1m 46s):
Wow. I was basically a Harbaugh for about five, 10 minutes. That's sweet. Jim Harbaugh was showcasing to me why he doesn't like the hip drop tackle. Okay. He was actually wrapping his massive arms around me. Sure. And then saying, this is what we're trying to get out. This is what we're trying to get out. And I'm like, okay. And obviously John Harbaugh, the head coach of the Ravens, he had heard about our response to the Derrick Henry thing. He said, yeah, no, nobody really knew we were gonna say. I was like, perfect fit. He's like, we thought so too. Yeah. Yeah. We thought so too. But that's what the league meetings are. You walk around, there's billionaires literally strutting around with their security teams. There's bomb dogs walking through the hallways. There's about 40 gallons of coffee right down here if you want to. And today on our program we have GM of the Chicago Bears number one pick holder.

3 (2m 30s):
Ryan Poll's joining us in about eight minutes. Kevin O'Connell, head coach of the Minnesota Vikings. He will be joining us in about 25 minutes. Raheem Morris, new head coach of the Atlanta Falcons, will be joining us in about 43 minutes. In about an hour from now, Brandon Beane, general manager of the Buffalo Beals, will be joining us. Then Kalen Jackson, the next owner of the Indianapolis Colts will be joining us. Then Coach Darren Rizzi of the New Orleans Saints, the man who was spearheading the movement for the NFL Hybrid Kickoff rule that passed today with a little bit of an amendment because the NFL Competition Committee and Richard Casey said, excuse me, let spoil our own sauce on this. That's right. Moving to the kick Touchback from the 35 to the 30 has passed.

3 (3m 10s):
The kickoff will look different. It will look like the X L'S kickoff. Which sham? Sham Schwartzstein. Sure. The rules creator for the XFL is not happy. He said, I'm the one basically creative. I'm not getting any credit for it. Well, it's in the NFL now. It has certainly been something that the XFL displayed in the games. I think special teams coaches that kind of put this thing together for the NFL side coach Dan Rizzi and the boys, what they thought was, this is a kickoff drill that we created, that we have done in practices for years and years. Nonetheless, the XFL iteration of the kickoff is seemingly gonna be what the kickoff of the NFL is for the future.

3 (3m 51s):
This is a big deal. This is gonna save a play. There's more strategy. There's touchdowns, there's electrifying plays, there's big things coming outta these annual league meetings, including challenges and narrative changes and agendas and rules passings and great conversations and interviews. And most importantly, it does feel like a nice little spring break for everybody. Does. It does. It does. People out on the pool

4 (4m 14s):
Hanging.

3 (4m 15s):
I saw some billionaire come in here with more sunscreen on their nose than I've ever seen in a movie. Smart man. It's a beautiful time. It's a beautiful place. I'm not here alone. Obviously the boys are here. You guys look great in this conference room. the Toxic Table was here at Boss Connor and at Ty Schmidt Con Man, look at you at the owners meetings. Yeah.

4 (4m 30s):
Pretty unbelievable. You know after yesterday, I didn't think I'd be doing anything, you know, in front of a microphone for the rest of my life. So it's nice to be here at the owner's

3 (4m 37s):
Meeting. Well, there's certainly some guy in Ohio who just rips everybody else's footage and has made a full career off of it that would like to see that happen.

4 (4m 43s):
Absolutely. That point aside, I did forget that there would just be the Harbaughs walking around. I was actually in the restroom earlier with Ty and, and Gump and Hawker and you know, I, I laid out a perfect que I mean a hole in one. The stuff you write movies about. And while I'm walking out, I'm singing a song. Boys just did it. Perfect. Que boom. John Harbaugh taking a piss. I'm so sorry. Mr. Harbaugh.

3 (5m 5s):
I coach, coach. Coach. Right. Coach.

4 (5m 7s):
I did not know you were in here. Coach. I, I apologize for that. I hope everything's going well. But No, it's awesome. And the weather, like you said, going from Chicago, what that was to to

3 (5m 16s):
What? Aggressive takeoff not gonna be able to get outta here. Short runway. We're heavy. It is windy. Raining. Yeah. As Pilot told us immediately upon getting onto the plane, it always feels like that's the new thing. Oh yeah. Get on the plane. Hey, thing's gonna suck. Two hours And. then we, it's like great to hear Bill though. Got us down here in beautiful. Yeah, he's a weapon. He's got a little handlebar mustache. Oh yeah. Thankful that he did one half of the hammer Cowboys tone digs. Now Tone digs. You host a sports gambling show. Sure. Okay. It's called Hammer Don as it echoes through this conference room, gambling is now fully in the conversation of professional sports. Not just because the business side of it and the amount of money that's gonna come to everybody that covers sports and the leagues themselves. We got a basketball player that's being accused.

3 (5m 56s):
Yes. Yep. Of kind of, you know, some fixing and games. Almost JTA porter. Not even games, but like prop bets. Yeah. Toronto Raptor Center, JTA Porter is outta the lineup in a subject of an NBA investigation into irregularities on prop betting involving him. Sources tell David Perham and Wendy and the woe bomb. They break it down here where basically one game he had an over under, like a half a three. Yeah. Four and a half rebounds. One and a half. Six. He got, he got sick. He was sick. Three minutes into the game he's out. Okay. So obviously none of the overs hit. And then the draftings comes out and says, Hey, the biggest winner last night was the people that bet on the unders for this guy we've never heard of. Yeah.

3 (6m 36s):
Playing for the Toronto Raptors. Then it happened again where they said he re-aggravated an injury in his eye or something like that. Yeah. And he wasn't able to play. And then DraftKings announces to the whole world like, hey, the biggest bet last night, the biggest winner was under on this guy. You had no idea existed. So now the NBA and Gobblers who probably lost these bets were like, excuse me, something's going on now. They're looking into it. And this comes on the heels obviously of the Shhe Tani interpreter situation that's cooking in baseball. This is gonna be, continue to be a topic of conversation as it continues to grow. But we have to remember, and I see a lot of people on the internet saying this, and I'm a gobbler And. we have benefited from sports goling companies as a business that is not, we are not lying.

3 (7m 16s):
Like I will be very transparent about that. And very lucky for not only if Andel did investing in our company and being our exclusive sports book and then now with ESPN launching ESPN bed. And obviously they got a lot of things to figure out, but they're gonna continue to go and all this. It's like there has to be a very clear line that like when you're in the game you cannot, because we're all doing this. Yeah. Bingo, And. that sounds hypocritical. I get it. And people will probably attack me for even saying it. But like when you're playing, you cannot jeopardize the integrity of the sport that you are playing because then it ruins everything for everybody. And people are making excuses for these players. Like, well how are they, how are they not supposed to get Well, they turn on tv, Vandal, DraftKings, everything on there.

3 (7m 57s):
It's like, well once every, if people start gambling on games that ruins gambling. It ruins the sport and ruins gambling. Yeah. And ruins everything. It's like there's a clear distinction tone that I think we have to maintain and keep. Yes. But as we go through this transition process of sports gambling becoming so easily accessible for people, I think it's only, I think we're right in the middle of this transition period. I think it's gonna continue. Yeah. Which is not good for anybody. Yeah. And

5 (8m 19s):
This is the, the league's worst nightmare is, is players gambling on their own sport, which is what is apparently or allegedly happening in, in the NBA with this player. And, and saying he was throwing games, I think is a stretch. 'cause when you, when you average like five minutes a game and three points a game, I think it's hard to throw a game. Sure. But for your own props, that's a thing. But they were doing it allegedly so stupidly like it was a player. Props you can't normally bet more than like a thousand dollars on. Okay. When, but they had VIPs betting like 10, $20,000 on a no name player in the NBA red flag immediately to the sports books that are looking at

3 (8m 54s):
That. We talked about this last night as the story was breaking. I I watched that show locked up abroad. Yes, yes, yes. And it's always about drug smugglers. Yep. Yeah. They get away with it like eight, nine times and then they're always like, it was my last time I was going to do it. It was my, it was my 10th time. It's like it pigs get fed. Hogs get slaughtered. You always be too greedy. You're gonna get caught. This one seems to be alarmingly dumb loud and potentially questioning the entire integrity of basketball whenever they have already had a Don Donahue situation. They have. So they're gonna have to figure that out. A man who's the all time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers, Whoa one of the biggest voices against the hip drop tackle and gentleman, AJ Hawk. aj.

3 (9m 35s):
AJ Is it nice to be back in the sun? I know you took a vacation in the Caribbean last week. Now you're back in Orlando. What a little charmed life you're living. Right? Yeah.

6 (9m 41s):
I very, very lucky. I, I agree. But did, did Harbaugh, did he entice you at all to come to the other side when it comes to the hip drop tackle? I think what

3 (9m 48s):
They were, I think, 'cause they

6 (9m 49s):
Made me think about it honestly. Seeing him demonstrate on you. And then here You know you loved it. I'm like, You know what he, it's not a, you know, he might have a little bit of a,

3 (9m 58s):
The way the coaches and I think the reason why they voted it, they were like, they were probably shown clips and talked about like, do we think this was on purpose or not? Could you

6 (10m 5s):
Say intent? Is it one of the things where we could use use intent? Yeah. Like hey, no, this guy forcibly yanked him backwards and fell on his knee and ankle like it.

3 (10m 12s):
I don't know if Jim Harbaugh was the only one, or the Harbaughs were the only ones. But it feels like there was a sense of a lot of conversation about the videos and the plays that they watched where this was almost becoming like the new horse caller. Like guys were using this potentially as the new way to get on people and like, yeah, nobody wants to hurt anybody. But what about in the fourth quarter when you're really tired, you know? And you've been banging with a guy. Yeah. And like you

6 (10m 31s):
Guy's really big and he's running sideways. Yeah. And I'm like the only way to truly get him down is to, like you said, like you riding that bowl or taking that bowl to the ground. Bingo.

3 (10m 39s):
See? So it's like I, whenever they start laying out like why they passed it, which we never even thought of. It's like okay, that makes sense. But we're putting a lot of pressure onto these refs. Yep. To be the ones judging the intent of it all. And I think what we're worried about is, is this gonna become flag football Whoa. Okay, we're not in this big ass hotel because of flag football. We're in this big ass hotel for league meetings because Craniums like this one. That's right. Used to run through other people's bodies. We just can't lose that. But I think what I'm hearing from very football people, football people Yes. That are like, hey, there's just a little bit of, we're getting to a point where some people are abusing techniques at this point and we're just trying to cut back on it as we move forward. Not trying to eliminate tackling. We're just trying to save ankles, we're trying to save knees.

3 (11m 21s):
And. We're trying to keep the best players in the game. Now speaking of that, we gotta move forward 'cause we're here and there's a very special person here. He's been standing in the corner. You can feel his energy. Oh yeah. You can feel him when he walks in a, you think to yourself, wait a minute, does that guy have the number one pick in the NFL draft this upcoming season? Oh for this draft season. Is he the topic of conversation with everybody? 'cause what the hell is he gonna do? Well it seems like the entire world has already made his decision for him. Yep. Ladies and gentlemen, the general manager of the Chicago Bass Hell. yeah.

7 (11m 52s):
Big pole Pole. Appreciate

3 (11m 58s):
You so much. Hey, it's on carpet. So I. My not wheel is easy. Yeah, I was, I was struggling. You saw me struggling with it. I lot of sleep. Was in Chicago last night. I was in a great city last night. Beautiful. It was a beautiful place. Let's make sure we put that up. 'cause you're a tall, are you the tallest GM

9 (12m 12s):
Might be.

3 (12m 13s):
Are you the most athletic G? No,

7 (12m 15s):
Absolutely not.

3 (12m 15s):
Who is, do you think? Have you, have you looked around?

9 (12m 18s):
I haven't looked around.

3 (12m 19s):
Hey congratulations. Thank you. What you have done up there, seemingly, and I think we got a, is this on?

7 (12m 24s):
Yeah. Yeah it's on. There

3 (12m 26s):
We go. First one. So you're the Guinea pig of the Yeah. Hey. The first pick in the draft. Yeah. First the draft. First one in here. We appreciate you joining US league meetings every single year. What happens here? You're learning about what the NFL wants to do next season. There's deals getting done. Are you talking to people? Is there something like, what is the league meeting as a whole every single year for you as a GM now? Yeah,

9 (12m 43s):
This probably deals getting done, but most of it's sitting in these meetings, health and wellness of a player of the players new rules being introduced to everybody. Hearing those debates go back and forth.

3 (12m 53s):
So the hip drop tackle, we were very anti just like every player was. And then literally, Jim Harbaugh almost tackled me out in the, in the hallway And. it was like, this is kind of what we wanna get rid of. Is that kind of everybody's mindset going in? Like we don't wanna change football. But then you start hearing what the intent of the rule is and then everybody's like, okay, yeah, we can get on board with that. Is that normally how things happen here? That's,

9 (13m 11s):
Yeah, that's, that's how it goes down. 'cause most of us, we just don't want the game to be interrupted, slowed down. You don't want those gray area plays to start affecting the game. But a lot of times there's someone that, you know, pitches it the right way in terms of, all right. If we can just be, if the clear and obvious can be taken out, we shouldn't see You know those really tough calls that you're, you know, you hit a 15 hour penalty And that messes up the whole game. So.

7 (13m 36s):
So

3 (13m 37s):
We'll attack the refs, not you guys. Yep. So whenever they potentially get the intention wrong and they throw a flag on something that ruins an entire game, we'll be the ones that'll attack 'em instead of you. But these refs getting better than ever. Yeah. Right. Better than ever. We appreciate stripes. I'm sure there's meetings about that. Alright, let's talk about your current situation. Yep. You guys are drafting Caleb Williams number one over overall we'll

7 (13m 54s):
See Congrat. Congratulations. You did it. Congratulations. Yeah, congratulations.

3 (13m 58s):
You did it. Okay. So that is an interesting thing. Yeah. Because every report that comes out about you guys and Caleb or Caleb's Pro Day or you guys dapping up at the pro day or having dinner with at the pro day and meeting him with his teammates and everything. Everybody's like, okay, Chicago Bears fans are like our guy is our guy. As this process has gone on. Yep. With your research into Caleb, what have you learned about him that you've loved and what do you think people maybe had a misconception of him or maybe you had a misconception of him going into the entire process? Yeah.

9 (14m 26s):
What what makes it interesting is he's probably the biggest NIL football player to come through the process. Ever. Ever. And so you have to kind of break that down. 'cause usually that's not the case. And you know, you want to know does he have humility You know, can he self-assess and say You know I take ownership of, of what he needs to continue to work on and improve. And he is checked all of those boxes so far. So I've been encouraged, you know, with the time that we've spent with him, the things that we've learned in terms of does he fit our culture and can he be a guy that helps take the Chicago Bears to the next level.

3 (15m 1s):
Do you hate the fact that it's like such a matter of fact that he's going because like when I was with Colts, when Andrew Luck was coming out. Yep. Andrew Luck took a visit to Washington 'cause they had the number two pick or whatever. And in the building, whenever he was taking his visit to the Colts and said he had to go to Washington next, we're all like, yep. Worth it. Yeah, sure. you know, completely worth it. Does it suck that you potentially have like next to no leverage with the number one pick? 'cause everybody seemingly knows exactly what you're doing? Or is it great because there's a guy that everybody assumes Yeah. To be the number one

9 (15m 29s):
Overall pick? I think it's, it's year to year, but when you have pretty good clarity it really doesn't make a difference.

3 (15m 35s):
AJ's

6 (15m 35s):
Got a question. How do you not get swayed by sometimes, not this year, just in, in general when you're drafting players, like not being, I guess like whatever the public may think. Sometimes there's like a lot that the public thinks bullshit. You need, you need to take this guy, you need him. How do you sometimes go and actually study and realize, yeah. Is it tough to go against that sometimes where the public thinks, hey, this is what you need to do.

3 (15m 55s):
You don't pick and you're

6 (15m 56s):
Taking the long game. Hey oh man, just wait two or three years and you guys will understand what I'm doing.

9 (16m 0s):
It happens every year and I think that's the hardest part of being a general manager or a leader in any, any space is you're doing the homework, you're getting the, the correct information. You have a group of really good scouts that are giving that to you. If that goes against the narrative, you gotta, you gotta stand up against

6 (16m 16s):
That. You're getting killed like in the instant. but you know, hey this absolutely, this is, I'm playing the long game. This is gonna work out eventually.

3 (16m 20s):
Absolutely. How many picks does a hole do you guys have Right

9 (16m 22s):
Now? We have four.

3 (16m 23s):
Okay. When's the next one? After number one.

9 (16m 26s):
Nine.

3 (16m 27s):
Oh yes. You were in a good spot. Great spot. That's a lot of research that you gotta do a lot of shit here. Yeah. Yep. Has this been a very busy active, obviously this is your most active time, but what is it? Pro days are the best, the meetings are the best. The in the visits. What is the best visits

9 (16m 40s):
Time spent with the guys? You guys have been in a locker room before. When you spend time with someone, you look 'em in the eye. You go out to dinner, you know, you wanna make sure that fits in with the locker room. So that's gonna be really, really important.

3 (16m 52s):
You go to dinner with Caleb and his teammates Yep. Is what we learned. Yep. As of the last 24 hours. Yeah. They Cheers each other. Good toast or is it good food? Somebody pick up a tab.

9 (17m 2s):
It was great food. I picked up the tab. Wow.

10 (17m 5s):
Wow. Hey GM right there. There go. That's a

6 (17m 7s):
Offer. gm do you want a guy to offer to pick up the tab? No,

9 (17m 10s):
He does not offer, he doesn't have to offer no

3 (17m 12s):
Highest NIO guy of all time. Yeah. Yeah.

5 (17m 14s):
That's

9 (17m 14s):
True. Help outgrew. Yeah.

3 (17m 16s):
Tony's got a question for you.

5 (17m 17s):
Yeah. I wanted to ask you about Justin Fields 'cause I, I saw you talk and I believe you said it, it was one of the hardest things that you've ever had to do as a gm. I believe there was a poster in your house of Justin Fields you said. Now did, did you, were you aware when you took the GM role that that it was gonna be that hard? Is it just because you know, Justin is the guy that he is and also I'm a Steelers fan, so what are we getting with Justin Fields?

9 (17m 40s):
Yeah, well you're getting a great kid works his butt off dynamic. We've all seen that. In terms of how he moves the person's outstanding. You won't be wrong there at all in terms of hard decisions. Absolutely. His jersey is up, you know, in our house. Sure. It's my, my son was Justin Fields for Halloween. So

3 (18m 1s):
I was talk at day

11 (18m 3s):
Costume. Yeah. Which

3 (18m 4s):
Is a whale.

9 (18m 6s):
So those, those conversations are tough. So, I I get from the fan base. Why that, that's a difficult thing. But again, it's my job to really look at the short term and the long term and and set our organization up for success.

3 (18m 18s):
How about that Panthers trade? Yeah.

9 (18m 20s):
And, we

3 (18m 21s):
Pretty

11 (18m 21s):
Good one

9 (18m 22s):
Worked out really well. Yeah.

3 (18m 23s):
Yeah. Do you hear like, you know, 'cause obviously and we're lucky to be talked to a few GMs around the league, but like when RG three comes out, you heard it. Yeah. Okay. What are your, what Like don't you think like your particular bears feels different than maybe the previous Bears. Like that's how we feel outside looking in. It's like, hey, this is a brand new building almost. Does it feel like that in there? And obviously you weren't there beforehand, but does it feel like you and Ebra flu's culture is kind 'cause at the end of the last season right? It feels like okay the culture's kind of settling in, team settling in. You guys feel that obviously. Yeah.

9 (18m 60s):
That it, it pisses me off a little bit to be honest with you because we were hired to break a cycle. The same thing when I was in Kansas City, coach Reed. All of us were brought there to break a cycle And. we did. And no one talks about those days anymore. It's all about what they are right now. So, I really believe we're about to break this cycle and get this, this city in, in a really good situation and and win a a lot of games. So the pass is the past. Like I don't worry about that at all. It's about where we're going.

3 (19m 27s):
Okay. Well a lot of people had a similar reaction to you. Yeah. Owner at the owners' meetings at the Green Bay Packers. Your tie is a question for you poll.

11 (19m 34s):
Yeah. Unfortunately, you know, 'cause just talking to you right now, you're a great guy and I really like what you've done the soft season. I hope you guys lose so many the rest of, but that, that's just, that's personal. But you talk about Caleb fitting the culture of the team coming in. Obviously you, you move some of those foundational pieces and then this year you trade for sweat at the trade deadline. Give him a massive You know extension. How, how do You know? Or like how long does it take when it's like, okay we finally do have the guys that I'm looking for in here that fit the culture and kind of what Coach Flues is trying to do with the team?

9 (20m 5s):
Yeah, the, the team starts to run itself. The locker room runs itself. You don't have to get up there and talk about standards. You don't have to talk about how we're gonna do things. The guys start doing that on their own. And I really think once you start to head in that right direction, you can kind of back off a little bit, a little bit and you're gonna practice at the same tempo, deal with conflict and issues at a totally different level. So you can start to feel that already.

3 (20m 29s):
For the rookie quarterback thing, which is our kind of take you invested in running back ca and Allen got more weapons alongside dj. Yep. You did a little bit of work on the offensive line. Yep. And the defense. That feels like a perfect setup for a rookie quarter. But I mean that isn't that what we're looking for. Absolutely. And that's on purpose, obviously.

9 (20m 44s):
On purpose. Yep. Yep.

3 (20m 45s):
What do you do? You have a dry race board, you're like, alright, how do we not screw this guy up? It it, that is a real thing. 'cause there's a lot of rookie quarterbacks that come in and Yeah. Does not work out.

9 (20m 54s):
No. It's a unique situation. And when you look at history, a lot of those guys come in and, and they gotta fight, you know, for the first couple years just to get to the other side. Survive

3 (21m 3s):
Almost.

9 (21m 3s):
Survive. Survive. So this is a great setup. The trade worked out well where we have weapons, we have a defense. So hey, on those bad days, You know we're gonna need some turnovers to, to bring it back on the Yep. When you're a little bit off, you can hand the ball off and you can start to dictate how the defense is gonna play it. And then from there we just grow and get better.

3 (21m 22s):
Connor's got a question for you.

4 (21m 23s):
Yeah. Ty mentioned the trade deadline last year. Now trade deadline moving back a week. Yeah. Is that something for you that it's like, thank God. 'cause if we have a guy go down early and another team falls off, they might be more willing to, you know, give us an important piece that could help us go all the way. Or what is your thoughts around if the trade deadline moving back and how it helps you guys and all, all the GMs really in the end.

9 (21m 44s):
Yeah. It helps you, you know, an additional week. you know, we never changed it once we went to 17 games, you know, so it kind of feels the same.

3 (21m 51s):
And you guys are trying to get to 18 games. Right. I heard you are. Oh God

9 (21m 54s):
Sure. I No, I get it. I I get it. That's a lot of football. That's

4 (21m 59s):
A lot. Gotta

9 (21m 60s):
Love it. A lot of football. But yeah, I, I think that's, it's a good move. They also wanna protect not getting too far down the road where now people are just starting to dump players, you know, trying to get draft capital. So I think it's a good move. It should, should work out. Well.

3 (22m 15s):
Are you and Coach Eber flu's in the gym every morning? He's dropped right now. Oh my God.

9 (22m 19s):
Isn't he? He's getting right. Yeah. He

3 (22m 22s):
He's on a program. I think he is. He's got

4 (22m 26s):
Unbelievable.

9 (22m 26s):
Yeah. The linebacker's starting to come back out. Yeah.

3 (22m 29s):
He looks real when you're trying to piece the culture together though. And I think they asked about that. Like you're trying to look for a specific person to be a Chicago bear now going forward. Like we have an identity obviously, and you think you are that or have that at this point.

9 (22m 39s):
Yep. Yep. Tough, violent, fast, explosive guys that are passionate about

3 (22m 45s):
Football. Love ball. Right. Love

9 (22m 46s):
Ball.

3 (22m 46s):
Got love ball. So we heard that about Caleb whenever we were at the combine. We were walking around me and Mad Mel And. we were chit-chatting with everybody because going into it, not you, us outside who didn't know him, we heard his team talk a lot. Like, Hey Caleb's team saying this. And is that even Caleb's team or is that just somebody that might be in the, in the sphere but doesn't actually know what they're talking about? Right. So we thought immediately like, okay, maybe buddy, the NFL existed before you. The NFL exist after you. He wants a percentage of the team. He is not going here, he is not doing this. This is all me from the team. None from Caleb, but from the team. So your immediate thought is like, oh, this guy's pretty Madonna diva. Yeah. Okay. Especially at the quarterback position. But then you got the gq, you got the NIL, you got everything that's going on. Right. That kinda all feeds into it. Then we go to the combine and everybody's like, everybody we talk to equip managers, athletic trainers, teammates, coaches.

3 (23m 30s):
Everybody loves him. And he's obsessed with ball. So. I. Don't think that gets talked about at all, or wasn't talked about at all.

9 (23m 36s):
No. No. But that's what you gotta, you gotta be careful with what you read and, and what you hear.

3 (23m 40s):
How do you find out if somebody loves Baldy? You talk to all those people Or is there

9 (23m 43s):
Questions? Yeah, you talk, I mean, we've talked to probably 30, 40 people for a lot of these prospects just to get a real feel for, is that passion there? Are they tough? Are they gonna go through hard things? Are they resilient? Because really with this setup of college football, it's harder to even take criticism. It's harder to give criticism because if I get too much then I'm

3 (23m 60s):
Not, guys are getting softer saying guys are getting softer. Maybe a little bit. We think that Yeah, for sure. We think that that's why like, building a team would be impossible. Nightmare.

9 (24m 8s):
Yep. But, and I, I wanna see guys that have gone through hard, you know, they've, they've had struggles for Caleb specifically. Like this, this year was not exactly the way that he wanted. He had to go through some hard times and he probably learned a lot about himself and how to overcome those things. 'cause in the league that's gonna happen. Yeah. And you gotta get through it.

3 (24m 25s):
Yeah. And it's a, there's a game coming. Yep. And then another one and then 18. If you guys could have your way. Todd's got a question for

5 (24m 31s):
You. He talked about it now with hard times. How much, how many questions do you ask around around NIL 'cause Saban came out and he, he talked about his end of season meetings with his players and they just come in and they wanna know if they're starting and how much money they're getting. Do you ask the coaches and people like that, if the player has come in, if he's transferred a bunch of times, if they care, obviously about the ball, but do they only care about the money? Do they care about only about the playing time and the transferring and stuff like that? Yeah,

9 (24m 56s):
I think it's a really good touch point to see how they're gonna handle it. There. There's some situations where I think it, it helps us, right? Because before that you're gonna get a bag of money and then how are you gonna respond after? But we've already made the decision. Now we can see some of these guys have had it before. How do they manage their, their situation? How's their structure? Who are the people around them? Are they staying dedicated to the sport that, that they're supposed to love? So You can get some good answers through this. So it's not all negative about it.

3 (25m 23s):
May you say it's hard to wake up and work when you're sleeping on satin sheets. We're already finding out, I guess with these college kids sleeping in penthouses. Yeah. And things around college campus. Nice watch. How was your

9 (25m 33s):
Dorm? Shit.

5 (25m 35s):
I

3 (25m 35s):
Mean, it was rough. They shut down my house. My house got tore down like the year after I moved out. Should have been tore down.

9 (25m 42s):
I stayed in the same dorm as my dad did at Boston College. That's how old it was. Geez.

3 (25m 47s):
Air conditioning. No way. No way. No way. No. But now look at you that watch. You see this staring at me. Capital are Do you see what the rock did to Cody Rhodes last night? No. Oh, you don't want to see it. Don't look at it bull. You don't, don't wanna don't look at it. Look what he's done ladies and gentlemen. And man who's been in the NFL since 2009. Long time. You're a young man too. Yeah. Young. How

9 (26m 11s):
Old are you? Yep. 38.

3 (26m 12s):
Geez. GM of a team at 38. That's awesome.

5 (26m 15s):
Yep.

3 (26m 16s):
Ladies and gentlemen, Ryan. Yeah

9 (26m 20s):
Man. Absolutely. Thank

3 (26m 21s):
You for stopping, Bob. See Hey. Good luck. You don't draft Caleb. Everybody's gonna talk about it. Don't worry. Yep. Hey, you can draft. Yeah, you can draft anybody. Yeah. Don't feel obligated to draft Caleb. Go

5 (26m 33s):
Eagles. Thanks for doing deals with Omar, by the way. Hey, we,

3 (26m 36s):
Hey. Take care man. In there. Keep killing it dude. Sweet. Watch. Trade that pick Brandon. Thank you buddy. Thank you guys.

6 (26m 43s):
Appreciate it. Here we go.

3 (26m 45s):
That was the Bears PR

6 (26m 46s):
Guy. Yeah, Brandon. Good

3 (26m 47s):
Guy. Brandon watches the program. He does. Soon as he found out we were going, he hit us up. What a dog. Hey, you wanna get Mr. Poles on? And right outside Mr. Poles does know that you call him big pole poles.

5 (26m 59s):
Cool. Yeah, everybody.

3 (27m 0s):
That's a good thing. I think. Good boxing. I'm talking about, you know, just the ability to like racing. You sit on top of the, you know

6 (27m 6s):
Exactly in the size

5 (27m 8s):
Position. Always

3 (27m 8s):
The pole. Pole position. Pole fitter.

5 (27m 10s):
And he's as tall as a pole. No, don't do what you just did. Oh, I thought, thought

6 (27m 12s):
That's what they say for Indy.

3 (27m 14s):
Yeah, it's for whenever you're pole position. Yeah. On top pole position.

6 (27m 16s):
Pole

11 (27m 17s):
Position. Not pole sitter.

6 (27m 18s):
38 years old

3 (27m 18s):
Man. All right. So we just did it. They're drafting Caleb. Yep.

5 (27m 21s):
Hey,

3 (27m 22s):
Congratulations. That's journalism. Yeah.

5 (27m 24s):
I saw a 30 to 40 people. I saw a, I can't remember who it was from on Twitter today, but like, do they know what they're doing? Did the NFL tell them? Hey, you're not allowed to say who it is until draft night. 'cause it ruins the first overall pick.

3 (27m 35s):
Yeah. I mean this is like the first time, I mean every year. Yeah. We've had the number one over Bryce Young last year. Yeah.

6 (27m 42s):
It was locked in

3 (27m 43s):
Pretty much. Even though there's some people that came out and said, does

6 (27m 46s):
That happen though? Does the league, you think the league actually reaches out?

3 (27m 49s):
Probably Actis. Hey, remember Bears? We're not, we're not saying shit. Anybody. I would

6 (27m 53s):
Say don't put it in writing, don't send me an email. But maybe if I run into 'em in

3 (27m 55s):
Person. Yeah. Caleb and other prospects. But

11 (27m 57s):
It also has seemed like later where they absolutely know who they're taking. And then the NFL does say, Hey listen, you're chewing up that 15 minutes. They

5 (28m 4s):
Do every year. Oh

3 (28m 5s):
Yeah. Oh yeah. That first one. Yeah. Every time we do draft spectacular This year is gonna be huge. Huge,

6 (28m 9s):
Huge.

3 (28m 10s):
We're gonna be live in Detroit so

6 (28m 13s):
It's gonna be the best one.

3 (28m 15s):
Yeah. And. we are whale. Yeah. Didn't we? Oh yeah.

6 (28m 19s):
Baby

3 (28m 20s):
Tate's dead.

5 (28m 21s):
Moby dick. Rest in peace. Yeah.

6 (28m 22s):
A

3 (28m 22s):
Has to be Moby Dick as

5 (28m 23s):
Well. Is he dead?

3 (28m 25s):
Well,

6 (28m 25s):
Captain Ahe maybe dude

3 (28m 28s):
Here down at this particular meeting, the NFL has shaped itself a little bit. But let's pivot away from this and let's talk about the Iowa Hawkeyes women's team Getting cheated. No cheated.

11 (28m 41s):
Yep. No, that was a you, you

3 (28m 42s):
No, the West Virginia ese last night. That was a hell of a game. It was during Raw. I wasn't able to watch it, but I caught up on a flight afterwards. West Virginia women's team held it down. Oh yeah. Against Caitlyn Clark and that Iowa Hawkeys team. She scores 32, has a big night flexing talking. Oh yeah. Daggering doing the whole thing. I think a lot of people were saying, well, Kaitlyn Clark is pretty active whenever she's talking about the refs and talking to the refs. Oh yeah. And now people are saying, well, it's paying off for Kaitlyn Clark. She's been working the refs for her entire career there. She's just, she's a beast. Like every series matters. Yeah. Every time she has the ball. I better not get touched if I get fouled. And you don't call it, you're worse at your job than I am at mine.

3 (29m 23s):
And I'm gonna let You know. Well this carry into the WNBA and also I know West Virginia's good. I know they're damn good. Of course. Mountain ears gritty. They

6 (29m 32s):
Fight, slap

3 (29m 33s):
The floor. Yeah. We're playing defense. Could have seen them. This is no easy night. Kaitlyn Clark. Even in your town, in your last game in your town, South Carolina won by 50 again. No. Well

11 (29m 44s):
No. They'd be UNC by 50

3 (29m 46s):
In their last game. Yeah. I'm worried about the Iowa Hawk guys after watching them against West Virginia last time.

11 (29m 52s):
I do think part of it, like they got their game out of the way. They got their scare out of the way. 'cause I was trying to watch it as we were watching The Rock just eviscerate Cody Rhodes. Oh man. But I think you mentioned it and, and a lot of Iowa fans were concerned about this. Like the way West Virginia plays tough, gritty, just all slow the game down big time. Iowa's a big like running gun. They lead the women in most points per possession this year. And they just eliminated the, the possessions like me and Connor were watching it late too. For some reason I was offense kind of decided to defer, go away from Kaitlyn Clark. So

13 (30m 28s):
Dumb

11 (30m 29s):
And

3 (30m 30s):
That Lisa ERs knows

11 (30m 31s):
As she does. Well she does. Coach Ger, you know, she, she know Blue. Excuse me. She knows what's alu. She, she knows what she's doing. But I think they did get their scare outta the way last night. But you're right. I mean we, we mentioned it earlier. If you're gonna play and beat South Carolina, you're gonna need to shoot at least 85 threes. Yeah. And you're gonna need to shoot probably about 85% from the field. All

3 (30m 50s):
Right, let's pivot back to the NFL now that we're in a conference room at the annual league meetings here in Orlando. Joining us now is a man who won a game with a quarterback that he had known for 72 hours. Yep. A man who was calling plays into the ears of the quarterback saying the guy on the right side there. You don't know his name. Go route. Slant left. Look left. Way left. He's running the comeback. Alright, let's go do it. Ladies and gentlemen. Head coach of the Minnesota Vikings. Kevin O Conn.

13 (31m 19s):
That's exactly how it sounded. Yeah,

3 (31m 21s):
That's what we heard. I mean we reenacted, we reenact a lot of things, but we feel like we get some things right Sometimes. We're in a room though yesterday. Coach, good to see you. Where you

13 (31m 29s):
Been all week man, we've been waiting to

3 (31m 31s):
How's that Monday? How's that Monday in row last night? Yeah.

13 (31m 34s):
Got other things going on the rock

3 (31m 36s):
Beat the hell outta Cody Road. Oh my God. Don't want heard of him. you know the rock is I

13 (31m 39s):
Have. Yes I have.

3 (31m 40s):
You might be eye to eye with the rock with how tall you are. Did you see the

13 (31m 43s):
Photo? I've never, I I, the only time I ever saw him in person was Super Bowl when he's on the field right before kickoff. Oh yeah. Looking bigger than most

3 (31m 51s):
Our In the maroon

13 (31m 52s):
Gear. Yeah. The old kickoff. Not the new kickoff.

3 (31m 54s):
How do we feel? How do we feel? You love

13 (31m 56s):
It. you know what I, I think it's, you know, I'm not as worried about the You know unforeseen kinda outcomes as I think we got a safe play that keeps the game, keeps the play the game. So

3 (32m 8s):
Yeah. But you offensive guys are like, just gimme a touchback. I'll just, just

13 (32m 10s):
Put it on the

3 (32m 11s):
Five let's ride. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand that. That's right. Did you see the picture from the combine when you were standing next to Mad Mel? You made him look like a four foot tall person. It's bad. It was.

13 (32m 20s):
He is not here today, is he?

3 (32m 21s):
No. No. Mad Mel's not here. Mad Mel.

13 (32m 22s):
He's doing his, he's breaking some talent. Breaking down tapes. Yeah.

3 (32m 25s):
Talking GMs. He's around there. Okay Coach, let's dive in a little bit here. Sam Darn. Yep. Comes to Minnesota Vikings $10 million deal I think is what was being reported. I don't know what it actually is. You don't have to correct that. But everybody's saying, okay, this is for a veteran guy who's been around to be the starter for a young quarterback that's gonna come in inevitably. Yeah. I don't know if you've said that publicly or if that's just us assuming that's the case. But this off season, what has the mindset been for you guys and how do you feel? Is this like a rejuvenating feeling, a refreshing feeling? Or are you about sick of having to deal with a new quarterback every other week? No,

13 (32m 55s):
I think for Sam, you know, he, he signed a one year deal with us. I think You know we're in the process of, you know, really evaluating the quarterback position as a whole, both in the draft. Sam was a guy that jumped out to me personally. Just having done 'em, coming outta the draft, had him You know, really evaluated him at different parts of his quarterback journey. you know, you always know when you're talking to a former, very lightly used term here. NFL quarterback. No,

3 (33m 22s):
No, no. I heard you're Stu I heard you were stu

13 (33m 25s):
When I say quarterback journey, because I think so many times in this league people wanna say we can or we can't so quickly and we're all, even though wins and losses tend to, you know, fall pretty quickly on the quarterback and, and and, and rightly so. It's the most important position in sports. But I think that journey, there's a lot of circumstances involved in it and not diving too much into the past, but I would just say evaluating Sam off of really the end of 2022 and Carolina. I think he goes four and two down the stretch. And then I got a lot of respect for Kyle. I think Brian Greasy did a great job coaching him in San Francisco. 'cause when I turn on the tape, limited snaps. But Sam's improvement and continued evolution to be what I think is gonna be the best version of himself here.

13 (34m 8s):
And the not to distant future was on tape for me. I can't wait to get working with him. And I do think his best football, like many of us that get the opportunity, some of us get thrown into the coaching profession. They say, you don't get the opportunity.

3 (34m 22s):
Yeah, yeah. Stop throwing balls. Good

13 (34m 23s):
Talk. But that, but that's why I'm here to, to know. Hopefully Sam has a heck of an opportunity out in front of him. And, and I think I, I know this at this point in Sam's career, I think he's pretty excited to play with Justin Jefferson, Jordan, Addison Hawk Bring, him Natty, Aaron Jones, you know, and ultimately, hey

3 (34m 41s):
That was a nice little laugh.

13 (34m 42s):
Yeah, it was. Was got you a

3 (34m 43s):
Big He's a special dude.

13 (34m 46s):
I spent You know he

3 (34m 47s):
Can, Hey, he can,

13 (34m 48s):
He's very, I was, I, I offered to drive, drive, drive to Green Bay and help pack his stuff. So good man. I was ready to, ready to do that. But it, I mean I just, I'm serious. I think it's You know. I like to feel pretty good about what we do offensively and we're always getting better. But I'm excited for Sam. Excited to get rolling. Last

3 (35m 4s):
Question for me before the boys have their questions. Yeah. This is real. 'cause what I just did with the pastor, not, do you feel like You can get anybody open and do you feel like the quarterback position, I need somebody that can just spin it and put it to a place. Like the most important thing, I need a guy that can just put the ball to where it needs to go. Because you got Justin Jefferson, everybody knows best wide receiver in the league. Every conversation he's in it. Yep. And he had 180 yards in the first half of a couple games. So it's like, is the defense not planning for Justin Jefferson? Somehow your offense has them open now. Kirk Cousins's obviously very cerebral, very smart. He but with your offense, what the numbers that were happening were just absurd.

3 (35m 46s):
Do you feel like, okay, I can get anybody open even if the defense is like trying their best to stop a guy And the biggest part is I just need somebody that can spin the rock. Like is that what you're looking for?

13 (35m 56s):
I think accuracy, you know, is the number one trait that NFL quarterbacks need to have because,

3 (36m 1s):
Oh, so panic.

6 (36m 2s):
Ooh,

13 (36m 3s):
Okay. I think accuracy is the number one trait.

7 (36m 6s):
Okay. Okay. Oh, didn't say no. Oh a k. Don't give anything up. Hey, you know, leverage right now. No,

3 (36m 13s):
But that is a big deal.

13 (36m 14s):
Right. But I, but I would just say we take a lot of pride in You know, trying to build a system that You know either, you know, presents great opportunities or we're setting something up for, you know, in game maybe a week, maybe two weeks down the line, that we just become hard to defend. And, and you can't mention Justin Jefferson without saying he's the best receiver in our league. We know that. And you know, with that becomes, yes, we're not gonna allow people to take Justin completely away. But you know, AJ knows this. Sometimes defensive coaches go in the room and they say, Hey, we are not gonna let this guy wreck the game.

3 (36m 49s):
And then he has 180 yards in the first half. We're

13 (36m 51s):
Gonna, we're never gonna go in and say, Hey, just chalk it up JJ, you're, you know, you're a decoy today. We're gonna get him as touches, we're gonna get him as ops. But what that means for Jordan, Addison, TJ Hawkinson, Aaron Jones outta the backfield, you know, our ability to marry the run in the pass. you know, I just look at it as what I'm looking for is somebody that can efficient, efficiently run the offense. And in a lot of ways this league is turned into a completion league. you know, spitting the ball, put in play completion on a completion. I tell our guys all the time, every completion has a negative effect on the defense for one reason or another. And, we happen to have some really good guys with the ball in the hand after the catch. So our jobs is just to, you know, kind of start the process.

13 (37m 33s):
Never wanna overco, never want to kind of put guys into a box and say you gotta do this or this or this. But we're coaching techniques, fundamentals, reads and we'd like to think more oftentimes than not, if you trust in that Yeah. Things are gonna work out. Yeah.

3 (37m 45s):
You're pretty good. Again, a Adrian's good question for you. Since you stole his favorite player from

6 (37m 48s):
Yeah, I mean Aaron Jones unbelievable talent. I unfortunately he'll be playing for you guys. He's gonna have a great year. But accuracy as a quarterback, can you teach that? Can you develop that? I've heard coaches in the past say like, if you're not accurate in college, you're not gonna be accurate in the NFL. Is that something you think you can develop? I

13 (38m 2s):
Think it's what you study. 'cause I think some accuracy issues, you know, when they're tied to footwork, your base balance, body position, all the things.

6 (38m 12s):
Is that when they say like, mirroring your feet to your arm?

13 (38m 14s):
Yeah, I, exactly. you know, it's, it's just like if you guys You know, you go to take a, you go to shoot a free throw. you know, they, they don't just talk about when the ball leaves your hand. It's about You know your base. It's about You know a jump shooter and it's about, there's some guys you could take their, you could take their feet away from you. You can take their legs away from, they can make it from anywhere in the gym. Those guys exist in our league. you know, whether you're talking about the Mahomes or some of these guys, Josh,

3 (38m 38s):
This, this shit. Yeah.

13 (38m 39s):
The off schedule stuff that I think is valuable. I think it is. 'cause there's gonna come a time, you never know when it's gonna be. It could be a gotta have it down where they just got the perfect call and they got us And. we still end up getting a first down. 'cause your ability to make a throw that, you know, we couldn't draw up on a chalkboard that happens in our league And. it happens in big time moments. But I do think, to answer your question, you can fix some things from the ground up. I do think we're all given the ability, you know, for that ball to leave our, our fingertips a certain way. And I'd like to think, you know, you can watch the tape evaluate some of those misses and say yay or nay whether

3 (39m 13s):
You can, were you an accurate thrower? You were.

13 (39m 16s):
If I, if I could have just been a little more accurate

3 (39m 19s):
Man,

13 (39m 20s):
I knew where to throw it. You know, I You know I was still be playing. I, I might still be playing, but then I but would you guys be really willing to have me on right now? Yeah,

3 (39m 29s):
Wayne. Yeah. Yeah. You spinning it? Yeah. Yeah. We'd love to help. Have you dude tone's got a question for you.

5 (39m 35s):
Yeah, I do. I don't wanna put you on a spot with anyone's name here, but let's say the Vikings package 11 and 23.

3 (39m 41s):
Yeah. Because you guys just did a weird first round Yeah. Thing. Oh, they're bundling for that. That's, that's what we, I just wanna let You know what we know happened. Okay. Do you

5 (39m 49s):
Prefer a quarterback who, let's say, let's say just won the national championship is really good on third downs, you know, versus a quarterback that maybe just won the Heisman and his electric with his legs and his and his de ball. Or a quarterback who maybe, I don't know, turned down allegedly $5 million to go to a bigger school and stayed at.

3 (40m 8s):
Don't say the name though.

5 (40m 10s):
Yeah. Is there a, is there, is there traits besides You know accuracy that you're, when you're looking, that you prefer over others?

13 (40m 17s):
Yeah. First and foremost, what you just described I think is a pretty exciting quarterback class.

3 (40m 22s):
Okay. Okay. Hey, that's good answer. That's good answer.

13 (40m 24s):
If that does exist, You know I'm all in, I'm, I'm excited about that. And I think that's pretty true as far as when you talk about some of these guys. But I think some of the other traits to me it's, you know, the athletic ability, the, the ability to make some plays with your feet. Our game has changed. It's a space game. People are all over the field. We're, we're trying to spread defenses out and, and activate one-on-ones. You gotta account for the

3 (40m 49s):
Moving,

13 (40m 49s):
You gotta account for the quarterback for, for many of these guys And And, that can be a real factor when you're putting together plays.

3 (40m 56s):
How about how cool the jumpsuit is that he works out in? Like JJ McCarthy had that whole white He did so sick with a smiley face.

13 (41m 2s):
Yeah, I mean pretty much every day. Everybody nowadays has way more swag than I ever did. All of us. You So. I'm, I'm a fan of

3 (41m 9s):
Do you go to all these pro days? You, you didn't go to that one did you?

13 (41m 12s):
Yeah, I we're sending Josh McCowen You know West Phillips.

5 (41m 15s):
ROC Did he coach one of the other quarterbacks

3 (41m 17s):
In high school? Oh yeah. Was he in Drake? May. He

13 (41m 20s):
Might have. Okay.

3 (41m 21s):
Oh wow. We're onto you guys. That's

13 (41m 24s):
Guys are, you guys have done your work? Yeah man. You

3 (41m 26s):
Guys have professional program Hell? yeah, we talk for, we talk for three hours every single day about something. Okay. So we find it. We're certainly find it.

13 (41m 33s):
But I, you know, I actually used to be one of those, you know, those quarterback gurus before I got officially coaching with like, oh yeah. Jordan Palmer,

3 (41m 40s):
Guns,

13 (41m 41s):
So I know. I know all the tricks. I know. Who'd you work with? Yeah, I worked with a little bit with Mariota coming out. Okay.

3 (41m 47s):
Hey, so those produces are bullshit we've heard because the, I wouldn't

13 (41m 50s):
Go that far because I think you can see a guy spin it and you know, they've had the opportunity to, to prepare. I, that's why I do like still going to the combine. I know it's becoming less and less of a, you

3 (42m 1s):
Know, let's not do that. Keep Indianapolis real please. Yeah. Come on. We

13 (42m 3s):
Need you to I would love, I would love that. Love voice. Absolutely love you Got to see you there. It was phenomenal. Oh

3 (42m 8s):
You saw Gumpy by the way. That's right.

13 (42m 9s):
That's,

3 (42m 10s):
I learned who it was. It was that guy.

13 (42m 12s):
There he is right there. Yes. They tried to say you didn't exist. That's

3 (42m 15s):
Not true. They

13 (42m 16s):
Tried. They tried. That's not true.

3 (42m 19s):
Heard you were a gentleman too. Which we appreciate You know you learn a lot about the prospects around Indianapolis. 'cause remember Malik Willis gave his jacket to a homeless bu Dante. That's right. Which the city didn't appreciate 'cause you're like encouraging this person to stay downtown. But everybody on the internet was like, this is a good guy. This is a good guy. We're learning about the coaches too. Out and about. Yeah. I heard you were a gentleman. Good guy.

11 (42m 39s):
Chad

13 (42m 39s):
Scholar,

3 (42m 39s):
You know, and to the Eastern Illinois offensive lineman that I didn't even know that we knew you were nice to them as well. Big hugs

13 (42m 44s):
Looked like he could still play. Man.

3 (42m 46s):
You guys thinking about drafting bundle that pick, Ty's got a question for you,

11 (42m 51s):
Speaking of this specific draft class, it seems like you're one of those guys who you, you think You can get the best out of whoever you're gonna be coaching? Is it difficult? And again, this is just speculation. We don't know if you're gonna take a quarterback so, you know, speculation. This is just,

3 (43m 3s):
You definitely are though. That's why you did,

11 (43m 5s):
But that's why you're gonna bundles to go up and get a quarterback. How hard is it though, when you're looking at these different guys not to like kind of fall in love with each one of 'em and be like, oh well there's stuff there that I'd be really excited to coach. And like, is it difficult kind of like taking that hat off and being like, okay, well this guy would clearly be the best for what my vision is with the offense.

13 (43m 25s):
Well I think it's important that if you end up falling in love with multiple quarterbacks in a draft, that's only, that's an, that's an even better thing. Especially when you, you know, you did something like we did to acquire pick 23 really for the flexibility of what we think is a really good draft. You know everybody's making a big, a big point about the quarterback position. I think that's real. Two picks. Okay. And this is a really, alright,

3 (43m 47s):
Thank

13 (43m 47s):
You for that little, little deep draft journalism. Yeah, I should say very deep draft. I mean there's, you could run a, there could be a scenario where the first defensive player AJ, as you know, normally that guy's coming off the board in the top five, top four picks that might happen. 8, 9, 10, maybe 11.

3 (44m 3s):
That's a transition of the game though, don't you think as well.

13 (44m 5s):
But it's still a impactful player that you've got an opportunity to select that maybe in other drafts without kind of a quarterback class like this. And receivers for that matter, you're looking at, you know, another team draft and that guy before you ever have a chance. So I think the ability to improve our team with those two picks, no matter how it ends up happening. If it's a package or a bundle like we like to call it to go get one guy that we say changes our organization for the future. Or you know, you know, are we in a position where we're adding a couple players to our team that, that have chances to be long-term impact starters for us?

3 (44m 40s):
You should get a deal with State Farm. Yeah.

4 (44m 43s):
Progressive

3 (44m 43s):
Bundle. No. Who does State Farm? MVB And that the bundle. Yeah.

4 (44m 47s):
Bundle it

3 (44m 48s):
Up. That's Patrick Mahomes. Oh yeah. That MVB. Yeah.

4 (44m 51s):
Four words but his homework.

3 (44m 52s):
Yeah, because he bundled the words they need to get you guys a deal that needs to happen.

13 (44m 56s):
Let's see how April plays out. You

3 (44m 57s):
Guys are bundling. We heard last question here. Connor's got a question for you. Yeah,

4 (45m 1s):
Just something to think about. Guys. They call Justin Jefferson. jj, so probably locker room's not big enough for two JJs.

3 (45m 6s):
Oh yeah. Something. Get 'em out. Just

4 (45m 8s):
Something to throw. Throw that around.

13 (45m 9s):
You clearly haven't been to our locker room there in Eagan. Man. We got a lot of space for jj. I think it's number

4 (45m 13s):
One. Oh

3 (45m 15s):
Good.

4 (45m 16s):
Journalism accuracy. Purple Jersey. Walk

13 (45m 18s):
Right into that one.

4 (45m 19s):
Yeah, it's okay. How is your relationship with quasi because it, I assume like the first conversation, hey quarterback that you love. Yeah, we're not keeping 'em like we can't, we, we have to pay the greatest wide receiver that the NF L's seen. And, we got a couple other guys that we have to pay, like Yep. How is that relationship back and forth and what is like the combined vision of you two going forward with the re you know, for hopefully the next 20 years with you? Yeah,

13 (45m 42s):
Our, our relationship's fantastic because it's something we have been working on from day one. you know, there's been a lot of things I've learned from him over these last two years. There's a lot of times that we watch tape together and You know I can, he might view a play completely different of a, of a prospect at a position. And, we watch him together and then all of a sudden, you know, I might say, Hey, did you see this part of it? Or that part of it? And, and he opens up his lens to a whole new You know kind of way of looking at that player and And that happens time and time again and vice versa. I think the big picture for us is just we're constantly trying to make sure we're making smart decisions as much as you can for the present, but we also have a responsibility to build, continue building on something we're really proud of in Minnesota.

13 (46m 27s):
And, and hopefully that can be a long term, you know, answer at the quarterback position. We're all excited for that. But at the same time, like I said, I think this draft, you know, for a lot of different reasons, I think it's a really deep draft offensively, defensively. And I think there's gonna be a lot of opportunities to improve our team in addition to making sure we're taking care of our guys like Justin, who, you know, we want to build around And. we think he's a foundational best player at his position. We wanna build around him for a long time. 'cause I know there's nothing better than calling plays for that guy.

3 (46m 59s):
How old are you?

13 (47m 0s):
I am 39. This May 39. This May. Wow. May what?

3 (47m 4s):
May

13 (47m 4s):
What? May 25th.

3 (47m 5s):
Okay. I'm May 2nd. My daughter's May 4th. A couple bulls in the building.

13 (47m 9s):
Yeah, that's

3 (47m 10s):
Right. Hey, good watch. Good luck the rest of the way and thank you for stopping by. You're the man. This is awesome. Thank you. Thank coach. The Vikings. Kevin O. Very thankful for you. 39, 38 polls. Yeah.

4 (47m 25s):
Young

3 (47m 25s):
Guys. I was getting young, young guys don't ruin the game. KOC You're changing the kickoff already. Yeah. You don's tackling a C's getting booed over here. Yeah. Oh, getting. Yes. Oh no. Yes. Boone his ass out of town. Couple Rams guys. Ladies and gentlemen. Head coach of the Atlanta Falcons. Player favorite? Yep. Fan favorite five Coach. Favorite Bye ladies and gentlemen. Raheem Morris. Hell.

16 (47m 54s):
Yeah. Hey Pat, I'm not, I'm not gonna sit down man. I'm gonna stand up like you. Come

3 (47m 57s):
On coach.

16 (47m 57s):
You're not gonna intimidate me this whole time with the guns out, you

3 (48m 0s):
Know. Hey, I have been alpha in guys. Hey, what's

16 (48m 2s):
Up? What's going on? What's ups

3 (48m 4s):
Tone? Ty Connor, we're lucky to have you. Hey, when you got named head coach of the Falcons, I don't think your name was necessarily circulating as the next head coach, but then as soon as you get announced, every player that's ever played for you is like, yep, love this guy. Even the Falcons were like, thank God he's back showing videos of you dancing from old practices at the Falcons. Are you just ultimate energy guy? Like how would you describe yourself for maybe people that don't know the Raheem Morris coaching style? I

16 (48m 29s):
Don't know. I

3 (48m 29s):
I'm People love you dude. Yeah. Hey people love you.

16 (48m 32s):
I'm, I'm, I'm just me You know Pat and like looks like you no different, like who you are and what you are and what you do. You bring constant energy every day and it's one of those things. It's just like I try to match the energy in the room, bring a little bit, add some things to it and And it is really a lot of fun to be able to go back to Atlanta to the people that you've been around and know Exactly You are. I'm take this NY tag off

3 (48m 51s):
For you. Yeah, you did. Look, you did look, you look at they were saying it, it

16 (48m 54s):
Was, you know, David Bassett usually handles that but he kind of messed up. I looked at the television. Come on,

3 (48m 59s):
Bassett ain't figure it out. Bassett,

16 (49m 2s):
I call Baity out all the time.

3 (49m 4s):
Got a suit back there. Let's figure it out.

16 (49m 6s):
Canty fast man. But just big time energy, you know what I mean? Pat, like it's, it's a lot of, it's a lot of fun going back into a room And that got the juice and they know exactly who you are. you know, I don't have to go through the stuff of learning who the owner is. I know exactly who Mr. Blank is and he knows exactly who I am. So to be able to put dance video things, things of that nature is pretty

3 (49m 22s):
Cool. Okay, so let's talk about the big move. Lot of money, new quarterback, kerko changes in town. How do we feel about it? Why was he the guy you think for not only you getting your head coaching start back there, but why is he the guy for Atlanta?

16 (49m 34s):
Lot of different reasons. you know, familiar systems. We just talked to Kevin and you know, I'm gonna back Kevin, how

3 (49m 39s):
Kevin much you guys know. Do you guys know each other? Oh we

16 (49m 41s):
Only won a Super Bowl together, that's all.

3 (49m 42s):
Oh hey. That's why he's got that same watch. Yeah.

16 (49m 47s):
Yeah. So we lot of a familiar system. A lot of the core beliefs. Common beliefs. A lot of commonalities with that. I knew Kurt from when he was a rookie when I was in DC with those guys and Sean coached them and Mm. So going way back to Kyle, you were a

3 (50m 0s):
Part of that.

16 (50m 1s):
Oh, going way back to Kyle Shanahan and I was there with that So I mean he talking about a deep history where I've always been the nosy secondary coach that went into that room and talked to those guys and was able to sit down when RG three was running the show, Kurt was the back in the background studying, studying, studying too with his op. He got his op And then we all know what happened after that. But I've been around this guy for a very long time, had a real familiar familiarity with his ability to do what he can do. And I just thought it was outstanding match for us. And, we, you know, we uncovered a lot of stones. We, we checked all the boxes, we went through a couple people. 'cause if you're as old as I am, you get a chance. I'm not 39 like you guys. But if you, I'm old. If you get as older I am, you get a chance to with people.

16 (50m 42s):
I know Kevin 30. I'm 36.

3 (50m 44s):
Six. Yeah. But my face, you're looking at it. I see it. I need to look. No, no, no. You coming back. I've

16 (50m 48s):
Been through a lot with the new kickoff rule passing. You're coming back 'cause we like it or we hate it. We need guys that can tackle. What are

3 (50m 53s):
You doing? What are you doing with that? You, you

16 (50m 54s):
Kicking it out. So it's, it's gonna be, you gotta, you gotta realize it's gonna be a little bit of unknown for everybody. Right? So

3 (50m 59s):
First few weeks we're figuring it out. Yeah.

16 (51m 0s):
You're have to figure out, it's gonna be a fill out process, but you gotta to bring a few out to see what that thing, what it looks like. Right? Yeah. Nobody knows, right? The only clear model, close model you got is the XFL And. it is a little bit different. It's a little bit tweaked man. You had 32 special team coaches all get together and come up with the best ways to do things. And, we gotta believe those things when that happens and it's like, let's go find out what happened. We wanna bring the playback so they, Hey there's

3 (51m 20s):
Four twos in the XFL though. There's no four two. That was like the big thing with the XFL returns. And. we have one that actually went back for a house. It was a reverse guy tossed the ball. You end up reverse. Yeah, here we go. Oh, so this was actually a touchdown. I don't know how many of them there were in the XFL Looks like a practice, but the, it does, it's a practice drill. This is a practice kickoff drill that is now gonna be the thing. But there's chances to be creative. There's reasoning for special teams, players, special teams coaches can still do their thing. I was out on it for a long time, but then whenever I was basically told like, Hey, we gotta figure something out, save the play. I'm in on it. I think it's gonna be good. And I'm excited to see how you guys handle it. Generally.

16 (51m 54s):
You know, pat, it's, it's, it's funny when you look at the play, because we haven't seen it so long in the NFL, you know, you had this, when you look at the stats on what's happening, right? You had 13 kickoffs in the, in the Super Bowl and not one came out. Right? And you have all of the stats that happened. It went from 80% in the nineties to 20%. And, and, and that's not what the rule was intent to do was for player safety to get it down to cut it down a little bit. So I'm all in to see what it looks like. It's a little scary for probably coaches 'cause we're got to figure it out in the run a little bit.

3 (52m 22s):
Oh my God. Because the house call can happen. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's one line. Everybody's at one line and

16 (52m 27s):
You know the people that fought it. Really, it was about you You know you don't want the unknown to determine the game and, and there's some truth to that. Yeah. Yeah. But at the same time, there's been so many rules that's come about in the game has going such a, a major push to doing the right thing and getting things the right way. I I I just, I'm actually, I'm fired up about it to

3 (52m 42s):
Be AJ's got a question for you, coach.

6 (52m 43s):
Obviously you, you've been a head coach in the league before Tampa Bay.

3 (52m 46s):
Are you tired? Do you wanna sit down? No, no.

16 (52m 47s):
I, I'm gonna, first of all, I'm an outwork pack all day standing up over here. Okay. May go swim, indie. I've, I've heard about that. So.

6 (52m 56s):
Glad.

16 (52m 57s):
Hey, this is what it is.

3 (52m 58s):
Cops their story.

16 (52m 60s):
I dunno anything about cops. I'm just saying that the bystanders, the friends, I am not snitching.

3 (53m 5s):
There's a police report. That's their story. I got theirs. Whatever. Yeah. I guess

6 (53m 10s):
I guess going back to the, you as a head coach with Tampa Bay now, becoming head coach again, I guess what have you learned? How, how are you different as a coach and second part of that though, completely unrelated, almost. What do you think of the hip drop tackle situation?

16 (53m 21s):
Okay, let's go to the first question first. The differences are, are really clear and obvious. Having the ability to do that for the first time. You have no idea what you're doing. Right? You got this youthful arrogance. Yeah. Right. I'm 32 years old. Hey, you're in charge of these guys. Right? That's go out there and get it right.

7 (53m 34s):
32 years young, 32 years

16 (53m 36s):
Old. And what you do is you go out there and you try to do whatever you can to win. Right? And one of those years we were good enough to win 10 games and man I made it right. This is it. Yeah.

7 (53m 44s):
I'm him. Right Raw him Morris,

16 (53m 48s):
Not so fast. Right? And you get, you get a little bit of reality check. And then I think I've spent the last year since that's happened in 2000. I'm grateful for what the Glazer did for me. Gimme the opportunity so early. But I think I've spent the last years really just learning and detailing my work and being around great coaches that I want to be around. I talked about Mike Shanahan having an opportunity to go there with him and see a two time Super Bowl champion, hall of fame potential coach that showed you the way and gave me the ops to be on offense and defense and, and all over the place especially. And then I was with Jay Gruden. I got a chance to be around another offensive mind and to be around him from a head coaching standpoint and show his leadership and do some of the things that he was able to do and then bounce forward good with Dan Quinn, who I had worked with when I was in college. And he was able to do some of those things and, and brought some of the toughness and some of the things outta me.

16 (54m 31s):
Got the opportunity to take over for Dan Quinn and become an interim head coach. Get a rep at that. And then boom, you end up in LA and you with Sean McVay and now you're on that coaching tree. If you touch him, you get a head coaching.

7 (54m 41s):
So you do that,

16 (54m 43s):
You win a championship. Yeah. You go through a little bit of struggle, you fight back. You get a young football team where nobody's got any expectations for you. 'cause I know I heard you guys down to me. No.

7 (54m 55s):
All a sudden. Nah. All of a sudden now we've been saying raw him. Raw, raw. That was after. That's what we've been saying. That's what we've been saying this whole time.

16 (55m 4s):
I'm just kidding man. But you get a chance to get a young team and you get back in the playoffs with those guys and it's like, man, let's go to work man. And then your opportunity pops up And. it happens to be in a place that you're familiar with like Atlanta. And it's like, man, let's go to work. Let's go win for this city. Let's go do what we gotta do in the right way. Tons got question. I'm sorry I'm taking over your show.

3 (55m 21s):
No, no, no, no. This is good. I just wanna make sure you get everything in just, Hey, you are awesome. Incredible. I did not expect this at all. Nope. The fact that, you know, our show exists. Really cool. Yep. Very

16 (55m 29s):
Cool. Whatcha you talking about man? I was watching this thing where you guys were in the basement of your house. Hell. yeah. Look at

7 (55m 34s):
That Rock day one. Raw. Who

16 (55m 36s):
This is about that life and I'm I Where's the corner that that played with? You guys are, that's not Deba. Deba.

3 (55m 41s):
Where is where? Well he spring break with his kids the way he's been off three weeks straight. Yeah. This

7 (55m 45s):
Guy,

16 (55m 45s):
I don't know if You know Kelton, but he needs to be out here on a full-time basis on this show. He's the mouth of the south. We just had it out in the back. It is.

3 (55m 53s):
Have you seen? So lemme tell

16 (55m 54s):
You something, I had more fun in the back than almost, almost much

7 (55m 56s):
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa Whoa. I'm just telling you. We had a good break here. More. That's a good, yeah. We hated this. Jeez. Geez Louise. Just throwing it out there.

3 (56m 6s):
It's all right. I mean, we'll try to lift our game a little bit. Did you see what the rock did to Cody Rhodes last night? I did not.

16 (56m 11s):
God,

7 (56m 11s):
You don't wanna know.

3 (56m 12s):
Last question here. We got about a minute for a hard out

5 (56m 14s):
Coach. Yeah. Do you feel bad? The internet. And I've seen some rumors maybe from the rumor mill that you forced Aaron Donald to retire because you left LA and

11 (56m 23s):
He didn't wanna play under anyone else.

16 (56m 24s):
Thanks. No. That, that is not the case. Thanks a lot. You

11 (56m 26s):
Robbed

16 (56m 26s):
Him of us and You know Aaron. Let's just have that, that moment. Silence for him guy. But hey

3 (56m 33s):
Hell of a crew. Yeah.

11 (56m 34s):
Unbeliev it.

16 (56m 37s):
He is a stud of all studs. you know, he's a man of his word. He talked to LA I thought the most impressive thing about it was like a lot of people had the sense that this was gonna happen and not one person uttered it. Yeah. That was a part of our building And. that is, that is a sign of respect as you know, from everywhere. 'cause people can't wait this now to be the breaking news to be, to be that guy And. it was a a completely respect driven thing for Aaron to let him do it the way he needed to and wanted to because he deserved that.

3 (57m 6s):
We appreciate the hell outta you. Yes. Head coach Atlanta Falcons Raheem Morris Are happening in a beautiful fashion. Big thanks to Ryan Polls, Kevin O'Connell and Raheem Morris for joining us in the first hour. General manager of the Buffalo Bills Brandon. Beane will be joining us momentarily, as will Kaylyn Jackson daughter of Jim Mercey, who will be taking over the Colt's ownership in very far future. Correct? Correct. Very, very far future. We will also have Coach Darren Rizzi of the Saints special teams front who pitched the kickoff to the teams or to the NFL that has been passed this morning.

3 (57m 47s):
29 to three vote with the NFL hybrid kickoff, which is gonna echo the XFL kickoff. With a couple changes next year. Certainly gonna be a difference maker. And then we'll have Adam Schefter wrap this entire thing up for the last hour. And potentially some surprises popping by. This has been amazing getting to see everybody shake some hands. I'm not alone. Obviously the Toxic Table is here at Boston Connor and at Ty Schmidt boys. You look fantastic.

11 (58m 9s):
Thank you. So do you, he mentioned at the first hour, like do we say a lot of times like, oh yeah, we definitely shouldn't be there. This, this one in particular though. It really feels like the type of thing I should not be allowed to be at. But this is pretty cool that we're here.

3 (58m 23s):
Yeah. Pretty cool to be here. And you had nine whiskeys last night.

11 (58m 28s):
Well, you know, it was one of those things where you get inside the, the jet, it's a late night already and the, the monitors don't work. you know, so you're told we're

3 (58m 36s):
In a time capsule

11 (58m 38s):
And and we're thinking going in, Hey this is gonna be a three hour, 15 minute flight still tube of right away. That's, it's two hours. Okay. So cool. It relax. We're on that plane for at least three and a half hours. And. it was kind of one of those things where I was just like, well, I mean I'm not just gonna let these, these booze bottles go untouched. Yeah. I mean we gotta, yeah. you know, we gotta do it. So we did it for

3 (58m 57s):
Those that are wondering. Got in about 3:00 AM fell asleep around four. I think Ty and Zito made a McDonald's run at 3 45. Had to, had to. That was smart Ty definitely remembers eating that. I do. Had to have it fell asleep.

11 (59m 10s):
Actually I did. Fell asleep

16 (59m 11s):
About,

3 (59m 11s):
Had Bri McDonald's of all time, by the way. Hey, they're up at 3 45. I'm assuming not a lot of people are there with where we're staying. We're sleeping. We got a house here. Orlando has Disney World obviously. So the businesses that have kind of come spawned from Disney World are very fruitful. They make these mega mansions that are basically houses for families to bring other families. So they come to Disney, stay at the house. And, we found out about this a few years back when I was doing NXT. It's Orlando's the right place to get an Airbnb. Yeah. Yeah. We had a Harry Potter house last night that we walked into. That's right. Yeah.

4 (59m 44s):
Bingo. I stayed in the Gryffindor common room where Harry Potter slept for his entire tenure there. So yeah, I was pretty pumped

3 (59m 50s):
About that. Foxy, you were sleeping in the softest charin baby bear room. Yeah. Hle, puff Little didn't little didn't

18 (59m 55s):
Miss it until you told me this morning because I just went straight to bed last night. It was so

3 (59m 59s):
Tight. Hey, you're a professional Foxy.

18 (1h 0m 1s):
Have

3 (1h 0m 1s):
To do it. One half of the hammer Don Cowboys tone digs is your tone. You look fantastic. Thank you. Sports gambling in the conversation. But we don't need to hammer that home. We need to keep the integrity of the games, the integrity of the games.

5 (1h 0m 11s):
Yeah. Keep the, let's

3 (1h 0m 12s):
Not be jeopardizing the future of everybody here.

5 (1h 0m 14s):
No. And especially if you're on a two-way contract and you know, only play a certain amount of minutes. Let's not jeopardize it for the rest of us. But I, I picked up on something. I believe you said it on the show yesterday. You've, you've been with you for a long time. You've been with us for a long time. We're gonna change our mind on somebody or cement our mind on somebody. I feel like it just happened at the end of the last hour. Falcons are going on a deep run in the playoffs. Yeah.

3 (1h 0m 38s):
Raheem Morris really certainly came in here and won the boys over dog. He mentioned my arrest. Okay. For that wasn't right. Yeah. Whoa. That was alleged stories. Definitely publicly intoxicated. Sure. Allegedly why and how and where I was before that. But he talk about us being in a basement where him, Morris has been riding with us for a long time. Yeah. Long time. We're happy he got the gig over Bill Belichick even told him that. Yeah. Afterwards, the entire thing. The all time leading Tackler for the Green Bay Packers. AJ. Hawk is here. aj. First time in league meetings for me. I don't know if they invited you 'cause you're a five overall pick to come talk to these people, but I didn't know what it was. This is a really nice gig for these guys. I

6 (1h 1m 13s):
Mean this is a, it's a fun setup. Yeah. Like jumping, going to the bathroom, a three minute break, seeing one of the hard balls out there talking about the show.

3 (1h 1m 19s):
Yeah. The hard ball's. Gotta be doing something over here in this next, they're an active volume over here. Some

4 (1h 1m 23s):
Forum or something about who's got

6 (1h 1m 24s):
It better than, it's cool seeing him. Sorry. It's cool seeing him in his laid back atmosphere, don't you think? Coming. Oh yeah. It's

3 (1h 1m 31s):
Sick. Well, town was gonna the bathroom next to John Harbaugh just a matter of moments ago. And he said, John, I'm a Steelers fan but I got respect for the Ravens. I always say Browns and Bengals are a bunch of bum organizations. But the Ravens I got respect for. I, I go, Jesus, you just put this guy in a tough spot. He goes, well thanks for that. And then he, then he kinda walked out. I'm sure that'll be something he remembers A man in cowboy hat walked into the pisser next to me and told me he has respect for me. But not for Cleveland and Cincinnati. That's a good thing. He'll go home with a smile on his face. 'cause who's got it better than us?

6 (1h 2m 1s):
Nobody. Nobody.

3 (1h 2m 4s):
And we can't echo that sentiment anymore. Joining us now front of the program. Yeah. Okay. One of the guys doing the decision making around the NFL.

5 (1h 2m 13s):
Best friend of the program

3 (1h 2m 14s):
Stick. Oh yeah. Big time. Stick on the golf course. Scratch ladies and gentlemen. General manager of the Buffalo Bes. Brandon. Beane. Brandon

19 (1h 2m 22s):
Beane.

3 (1h 2m 25s):
Hey,

19 (1h 2m 25s):
I'll sit down. Where? Go You sit.

3 (1h 2m 27s):
Yeah. Yeah. I'll sit down if you wanna sit down. I, I kind of forced Raheem into stand and I feel bad. Not a good host. And my legs are getting tired. Well he is.

19 (1h 2m 34s):
You see those ham hawks he's carrying

3 (1h 2m 36s):
Around on his

19 (1h 2m 36s):
Couch. Yeah. Good lord. Implants perhaps.

3 (1h 2m 40s):
And you do, how'd you know you got the a six walkers on? Are those, are we a runner walker?

19 (1h 2m 45s):
Well, I like to run but my knee doesn't always cooperate so it's turning into walk and this, this age is catching up with me. How old are you? 47

3 (1h 2m 53s):
Dude. Young though. Like Yeah, poles was in here. He's 38 years old. Yep. Kevin O'Connell came in here. He's 39 years old. Raheem Morris. Got a head coaching job at 32. Yeah. You're in your forties. Feels like there's a very new younger generation at the end of it. Do you guys feel that whenever you're here Yeah. And taking the photos and some people not showing up for the general manager photos, do you feel, do you feel like there's these younger generation, a new crew kind of in here?

19 (1h 3m 16s):
There is. There is a much younger crowd. It's You know. I think owners are You know. I think McVey probably really got that going. I mean, you go back to the days when Al Davis hired John Madden and, and some, you know, art Shell and those guys young, but you didn't see it a lot. But the success McVey had and, and Kyle Shanahan and all these guys I think really opened owner's eyes up that there were, you can be 30 and and still be a, you know, smart genius. Whatever you wanna call 'em.

3 (1h 3m 42s):
So what do you do? You guys said we're not doing the photos anymore.

19 (1h 3m 45s):
No. I had another commitment. Your

3 (1h 3m 47s):
Name was right there on the top of the list first. Who's not here? Buffalo Bes. Brandon Beane be, be be, be be. This guy's not showing up for it. Well

19 (1h 3m 55s):
We did a, we did a GM toast last night. And. we decided this is, this should be the new, all the gm. This should be the new photo. Everybody doing that.

3 (1h 4m 3s):
That should get like an aerial photo of that. Everybody looking up. Everybody was holding

19 (1h 4m 6s):
It. It was, it was, it was what

3 (1h 4m 7s):
Was a whiskey? Were you drinking whiskey?

19 (1h 4m 9s):
Little Tito's. Ooh, ooh.

3 (1h 4m 12s):
Vica.

19 (1h 4m 13s):
Who led the toast? Mickey. Mickey Loomis. Okay. Chewing

3 (1h 4m 17s):
On how not to chew his gum. Yeah,

19 (1h 4m 19s):
We made Mickey do it 'cause nobody wanted to do it so we made him do it. He's the oldest one. He said, he said something like, I know I hate half you guys, but here's to, you know, whatever he said. But it was, it was good. We had some laughs

3 (1h 4m 31s):
Obviously you guys gotta work together, right? 'cause trades are happening. Calls are happening. You were one of the first people that told us like, oh yeah, I'll poke around. If I'm hearing that there's potentially an opportunity to get a player who's disgruntled with their situation or team's disgruntled with the situation. Right now everything's like lying season. Like we just had Kevin O'Connell on here. And, we just peppered 'em about them. Oh yeah. Acquiring another first round pick. Like you guys are bundling, you're moving up for a quarterback. How are you trying to sort through everything and with where you guys are in the drip, what is kind of your mindset going in here?

19 (1h 4m 58s):
Yeah, I mean we've got 11 picks, which is good. We've tried to, oh we

3 (1h 5m 2s):
Bundling, we're moving up bundle. Well

19 (1h 5m 3s):
We we're always listening as you, you nailed it because to me you build your board and if you see a guy you like, I mean, I get antsy. The local Buffalo media knows I've traded up way more than I've traded back. So I tell people to hold me down sometimes. Hold, don't, don't let me do it. But like last year, Dalton kin, Kay got close and And we went after him. We obviously traded up way back when for Josh Allen Tremaine Edmonds. So I think my phone rings a lot because people know who they're dealing with. Bean

3 (1h 5m 31s):
Will deal. If you had to, AJ's got a question for you.

6 (1h 5m 34s):
How many people truly know what you might do this upcoming draft? I know obviously you have people at your circle that you trust, but also like we know it's, it's lion season. Things are all all out there. Like, do you make it known to like a, a big group of people of what you're doing? Or like, do you have a couple trusted people, you know?

19 (1h 5m 49s):
Yeah, very small. I mean, you talk You know in the draft room I'll talk about scenarios. If we were to move up, let's talk about these two guys. These three guys. Who would, who would you say, man, I would put my stamp on trading up for this guy. And then also we do scenarios. If we trade back, who do we think is gonna be there and is it gonna be worth trading back? And so we'll have that conversation as a group. I usually will ask the room, not give my opinion too much unless I think they're someone's, you know, thought process just doesn't, doesn't add up. But it's a tight,

3 (1h 6m 22s):
Then that person's getting out the, the room. It's,

19 (1h 6m 26s):
It's a tight circle as far as what we would really be thinking if Player X is on the board, we're

3 (1h 6m 32s):
Doing it. Okay. 'cause there's all this insiders game. We're gonna be talking to Shefter. I'm assuming everybody's seen Shefter as Mosey and Rod. Oh yeah. He literally just put Tepper on our show yesterday. Tepper hates us. Yeah. If we know anything about Tepper, we know that he has heard what we have said and he is actively trying to get us off the air. Yeah. Not a fan. He's looking up our houses yesterday he did like, oh, there you go. Yeah. Okay. But shifter's here, these inside information, these sources are a big part of the NFL media business and they're, I feel like you're the first person that will tell the truth about this. There's potentially people who could be in the know in your world that actually don't know, right? Oh yeah. So like somebody could be, I'm not gonna, this is not your building, let's say somebody else's building.

3 (1h 7m 15s):
Yep. There's potentially a pretty high-end scout that would have a title that would potentially know what the hell's gonna be happening at the draft. And they say to a source what's happening, but they could also not even know that they're not in the know it all. Right. Yeah. Because everything has to be kept, kept close to the vest. Yeah. So that's why it's really hard right now to pick through because people who could potentially know might not know shit at this exact point. Right? Yep.

19 (1h 7m 37s):
Okay. And people feed agents things too. Agents will call, where do you have my guide? Do you see 'em here? They'll ask all sorts of questions they're trying to figure out for themselves, but also educate the player where they're gonna go. And, and sometimes I found out from agents, like, like they told you he was going that high. I'm like, no, he's not going that high. And they didn't wanna hurt their feelings and, and they feel like, so they on the clock, man, I thought Team X was gonna take my guy. He told me he was going to, well he told five other people he was gonna take him there too. So that happens a

3 (1h 8m 5s):
Lot. Cowboys told me they were gonna draft me. They did not. Doug's got a question for you. Yep. Yeah.

5 (1h 8m 10s):
I'm not sure if You know this or not, but you guys are taking wide receiver in the first round is what I'm being told. And, and everyone

3 (1h 8m 17s):
Hey congratulations for doing that.

19 (1h 8m 20s):
Just the first round. Ooh,

3 (1h 8m 23s):
Whoa got 11 picks, we got got screwed on your compensatory paper.

5 (1h 8m 26s):
This for you. Luckily for you, this is a deep wide receiver draft. Okay. So I. Wanna ask you kind of about the way you go about drafting when it's, when it's a deep say, wide receiver or tackle draft that everyone's saying it is or whatever. Are you more likely to go a different position if you don't love someone where you're picking at since there is so much death and maybe you could take a flyer on someone in the later rounds. Is that, or do you just always have a guy or, or just go by your board? How's it work generally for you in that situation?

19 (1h 8m 55s):
Yeah, great question. First off, we're taking a receiver every run, every round.

3 (1h 8m 59s):
Hey, good question Tony.

19 (1h 9m 0s):
But, but in all seriousness it using receiver, it is a deep class this year. So if you run the clock, let's just say first round and what

3 (1h 9m 8s):
Number pick are you?

19 (1h 9m 9s):
28. So if you, you got your board stacked and you got two guys here, this is a receiver column and this is a column of a player that, or a position that you don't have a lot of depth, you're probably gonna go ahead and say, I'll take that. Yeah, I've got the same value. I'm not giving up value. This is how we stack the board. But now if it's here, then you go ahead and take the better player. And that's kind of how we, we

3 (1h 9m 31s):
Is this a deep wide receiver tackle class?

19 (1h 9m 33s):
It is both of 'em. Yeah.

3 (1h 9m 34s):
You love those positions. Everybody does

19 (1h 9m 36s):
Kind of. Yeah. No, they're, they're deep. It's, this is as many tackles as I can remember. Wow.

3 (1h 9m 40s):
How about defenses

19 (1h 9m 41s):
Defense? There's, there's, there are some more de tackles this year than, than there have. There's not the guys the, you know, you don't see the Chris Jones level and, and Dexter Lawrence, some of those guys that went really high. You don't see as many of those. But I would say through the, you know, the day two picks, day three picks, I think there's pretty good depth

3 (1h 10m 2s):
At 28. I assume you're trying to figure out what's happening in front of you or you're gonna let it happen.

19 (1h 10m 5s):
You You know you do your best. You go through all the mocks you're asking around the insiders. You're trying to check and see who's hearing, who's hearing, who's going after.

3 (1h 10m 13s):
Is Mel Kuper the best one? Is that who you're asking the most?

19 (1h 10m 15s):
No. Uhuh no more. Not the draft gurus.

6 (1h 10m 19s):
Who do you like, wait, what the, who do you, who do you listen to? Oh,

19 (1h 10m 22s):
A lot of 'em move the sticks. I ask, I see the ones

3 (1h 10m 24s):
Daniel, Jeremiah,

19 (1h 10m 25s):
You, if you ask three or four of them, which are the ones that are saying some of the same things, they just,

3 (1h 10m 30s):
Ah, so you're playing the game as well. Yeah. How much time are you balancing and playing the game, scouting, putting together a board? Like how do you balance the time? What's the most important for you? Right.

19 (1h 10m 39s):
Well it's really just stacking your board. You don't worry too much about that. That's really the, the day. 2, 2, 3 days leading up to the draft.

3 (1h 10m 45s):
Okay. So we haven't even dove into that yet. Yeah. At that. Because nobody knows right now. Nobody

19 (1h 10m 49s):
Knows except for

3 (1h 10m 49s):
The bears.

19 (1h 10m 50s):
Yeah. Because you don't know what people are gonna trade up. People are still going through some of their quarter You know these teams that want quarterbacks. Some of 'em are still gonna have privates with 'em. Bring 'em in for 30 visits, try to figure out what, where their smarts are, how they process all the things that you would want to know, be around them more. So You know you're talking about Minnesota, people think they're trading up, maybe they are not. They're probably still trying to figure out which guys they like and do they think they can, can get to where they, you know, he told

3 (1h 11m 15s):
Us, just for your sake, 'cause you're behind them obviously. He said there's enough room in the locker room for two JJs. He did. He did. So he kind of said maybe JJ McCarthy. Yeah. Yep. But then he also said accuracy is what I'm looking for. And we're like, oh Pennix. And he kinda kind deer in the headlights. He didn't say no. Yeah. So we've been trying to get these people to give their answers before draft night, but I

19 (1h 11m 35s):
Don't if what?

3 (1h 11m 36s):
Lemme know. Yeah. I'm we Hey run it back. It's live on YouTube Bears And. we got the Bears. Bears. We think they're taking Caleb. We

11 (1h 11m 42s):
Do. Sounds like it.

19 (1h 11m 43s):
You feel good about that?

3 (1h 11m 45s):
Yeah.

19 (1h 11m 45s):
27 more.

3 (1h 11m 47s):
Yeah. We'll figure 'em out as we go. Go ahead to Will

5 (1h 11m 50s):
The NFL tell the Bears not to, not that you've ever been in that pick the number one overall, but have you heard around the rumor mill that the Bears or the NFL tell the Bears? Not to say that they're taking

19 (1h 11m 58s):
Caleb. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They want the suspense. But I think this one's, it's like when the Colts took Andrew Luck. I mean every, he,

3 (1h 12m 5s):
He even took a trip to Washington though.

19 (1h 12m 6s):
Everybody knew that. It

3 (1h 12m 7s):
Literally, everybody knew that. Yeah. Yeah. And he, I I, I said this earlier to polls. He was in our building for a visit or whatever walking around. I was getting treatment for something, some knee surgery at the time. He comes in, there's numerous stuff like, Hey Andrew, good to see you. Like can't wait to be on your team. He's like, yeah, yeah. you know, talk where you gonna, he had to go to Washington for a visit and I'm like, Andrew, you don't have to you. He's like a good human though. Like he was like, yeah, gotta go meet him and do the whole song and dance. It feels like that with Caleb right now. Well was it with,

21 (1h 12m 37s):
Were you with Carolina with Cam Newton? Was it like that then? Yeah. Was it the same?

19 (1h 12m 41s):
Well it, it, there wasn't a lot of options. you know, when we took Cam the, the other guy that we were looking at was Blaine Gabert that year that people were trying to figure out and you know, cam had that controversy at Florida. So we were doing a lot of digging on that. But I would say it was well known You know at least two to three weeks out that we were taking Cam with a, you know, within the Circle.

3 (1h 13m 4s):
Blaine GT's got three Super Bowls.

5 (1h 13m 5s):
Yes he does. He's still in the league. So

3 (1h 13m 7s):
He's three times champ. So he took the wrong yard. Yeah. Todd's got a question for you.

11 (1h 13m 12s):
Obviously we all know the NF L's a business and you're not gonna be able to keep a lot of the same guys this off season though obviously, you know, you get rid of a decent amount of kind of like pillar players from your time in Buffalo. But it seems like fans didn't kill you for it. They kind of understood, hey, this is just kind of the way this goes, but how difficult is that process even when leading up to it, you know, there's a strong reality that you're gonna have to get rid of a lot of these guys who have brought a lot of success to Buffalo. Yeah.

3 (1h 13m 38s):
Oh yeah. You cut all our friends. Yeah, I know this is our first time talking to you. This Mitch,

19 (1h 13m 42s):
This guy FaceTimed me and said, well who's gonna be on my show now? Because you just call my friends.

3 (1h 13m 47s):
Literally all of our friends gone. Vaughn though, Hey Vaughn took a pay cut literally to stay on the team, which is a good move. But that's a tough day I assume.

19 (1h 13m 54s):
Brutal. Brutal. I mean, you talk about a guy like Jordan. Poer. You know, he and Micah have been here. Micah is still a free agent, but Whoa,

3 (1h 14m 2s):
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.

19 (1h 14m 3s):
No, I'm saying Mike is still,

3 (1h 14m 4s):
Yeah, you have been here though. Yeah. So we know you

19 (1h 14m 7s):
Don't know anything. So anyway, you know guys like that. Mitch Mor who's one of your guys too You know what, what he's meant to You know he's been here for all, all these guys have been here for the last four years that we've won divisions. Some beyond that. And that's, that's hard because you don't want to do it. And it's not that they can't play. It's trying to, it's the business part of it and you can't fit all these salaries in and, and we're having to make a little bit of a youth movement, you know, on the back end of our defense this year as, as part of that And, we, we did need to get younger in some areas. And the business part of it makes you do it.

3 (1h 14m 40s):
How do you feel about the new rules? Obviously nobody's talking about any of them, but the new kickoff and the hip drop tackle. How do you feel about the, the new

19 (1h 14m 47s):
Rules? So the kickoff, I think it's not perfect. Okay,

3 (1h 14m 50s):
Hold on. So Roger Goodell literally right now is saying, I think we're still gonna have to tinker with it, but I think it'll be a big improvement and bring the play back to being a relevant play. I think we can do it. So the injury rate will drop while keeping the play. The play. He literally said that like matter of moments ago. Is that the messaging kind of what it is?

19 (1h 15m 7s):
I was verbatim what I was gonna say.

3 (1h 15m 8s):
Oh, so you, they told you to say that. Okay.

19 (1h 15m 10s):
I I read the, I read the quotes right here. No, in all seriousness, I do think they, it was, I mean the Super Bowl there were 13 kickoffs. Yeah. Zero return. So if you're a fan, you're paying, you're like why are we doing this? Let's just spot the ball at the 25 and go So I do think, you know, in 2010 they gave a stat that it was 80 20 returned. Yep. And now it's gone 2080. And I don't think, I don't think you want that. I think you want it well above 50 returns. So, I do like that rule. I do think it's gonna need to be tweaked 'cause you got all those guys on the front line. Maybe you're able to, you know, it's like 7 2 2

3 (1h 15m 46s):
Set up on the return side. On the,

19 (1h 15m 47s):
On the, on the return side set up. you know, there was, we had the special teams coaches in there. They're maybe in the future it's, you get three guys back or four. I think there's gonna be some tinkering and potentially even tinkering after a couple of games. Seeing what happens in the pre-season. Yeah.

3 (1h 16m 0s):
'cause everybody just blasted in the end zone. It's just a 30 yard drive start now. It's the same thing as last year. Just looks weird.

19 (1h 16m 6s):
Yeah. Right. Yeah. Step it's step to 25. So you're getting five more yards.

3 (1h 16m 9s):
It's supposed to be 35 than they ruined. Yeah,

19 (1h 16m 12s):
They were, they were

3 (1h 16m 13s):
Revised. They reworked it. Yeah, they revised it and

19 (1h 16m 16s):
Well they were trying to get eight Oh on the competition committee. I think it was like six two And that that flipped And that, you know, most of those rules pass when they get eight. Oh. On the competition committee. And, and that's what they were trying to get. So

3 (1h 16m 27s):
When you go into these meetings, 'cause the 80 20 thing I believe polls said earlier and Kevin O'Connell. So these league meetings. Yeah. What, what is the schedule for you? You go in there, you're meeting with NFL ownership, you're meet like what is the, yeah. Hey, this is what we're focusing on this year. What is like the kinda standard day to day

19 (1h 16m 46s):
Here? So you like on Sunday afternoon it's a head coach GM meeting where we're in there and we're going through these, some of the things that happen this year start out or things that are coming up. We talk about the cap a little bit. Rules.

3 (1h 16m 60s):
Hey, we like the cap, right? Yeah. Cap had a big jump. Love the cap. Huge jump. Massive jump. Huge jump. Bigger than

19 (1h 17m 5s):
Anyone could have expected. Course. Don't ever expect that again. They're like, they're like your parents telling you don't, you're not getting this much allotment again. So don't, don't use all

3 (1h 17m 13s):
That's big for you. Obviously

19 (1h 17m 14s):
It is. It is. From a planning standpoint, you'd like to know. I, you know, I feel like they always undersell it and over deliver it. Smart. Which, which makes everybody pilot everybody happy.

3 (1h 17m 22s):
Yeah. Our pilots tell us we're gonna have a terrible flight every time. And they're like, you see what I did? Yeah, it involve it. It's pretty good. That's been our new life. That's what we've been living. Brandon. Beane life is good

19 (1h 17m 32s):
But, but we do go through with the coaches and then yesterday's, when we start the voting where it's executive session, you have three seats at the table. Owner, GM head coach and that's where you start. And so like yesterday the kickoff rule didn't pass. They, they did a straw poll realized it would fail. So they didn't actually officially vote on it until today to get it through.

3 (1h 17m 50s):
Okay. So you guys are raising your hand. Yay, nay. Yep. Whole thing. Yep. Old school. Roger Goodell's in the middle of the room,

19 (1h 17m 56s):
They're up front. There's a kind of, it's like the pull bureau up there. Ah,

22 (1h 18m 2s):
Okay.

3 (1h 18m 4s):
Because he's sitting on a throne. Roger.

19 (1h 18m 6s):
No, no he is not. They

3 (1h 18m 7s):
Bring his chair down.

19 (1h 18m 9s):
No, in the basement. No, they have the competition committee m and ms. They have him and the competition committee up there and some of the league execs,

3 (1h 18m 15s):
They're sitting on standard chairs and everybody else is sitting on,

19 (1h 18m 17s):
I didn't, I didn't walk back there. So. I couldn't. I can't. Roger

3 (1h 18m 19s):
Down's got that leather. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. He's got peanut M and msms down. Always

5 (1h 18m 23s):
The straw poll yesterday wouldn't have passed. So overnight Raj comes and knocks on your doors and say and gives you a Yeah, one of those.

19 (1h 18m 33s):
Remember that other rule you wanted to get passed. There you go. It won't pass unless we get working on this.

3 (1h 18m 37s):
Okay. Little politics. That little politics. Politics as usual. How do you feel about the team? You got Josh Allens here always gonna feel good, right?

19 (1h 18m 43s):
Yeah, I mean listen, we're still obviously working through it, tweaking it. We have, you know, most of, we've spent most of our money that we created with with the moves we talked about earlier.

3 (1h 18m 51s):
Oh yeah. Cutting all our friends.

19 (1h 18m 53s):
Yeah. Thanks for rehashing that.

3 (1h 18m 55s):
It's not fun. But you did it. You did it. You did it. Thank us. Yeah. Every time you 0.1 finger, what is there? It's three pointing back.

19 (1h 19m 2s):
You sound like my kids. Y'all. Okay,

3 (1h 19m 3s):
Me too.

19 (1h 19m 4s):
They do it as well. But we're still tweaking it. But now the focus is pretty much squarely on the draft and, and I love the draft process. You're not dealing with what this costs, what that costs. He's going to that team you, you get to line your board up and use, we got 11 picks. If we want to trade some of 'em, get down to nine. We can, if we want to trade back and get it to 1314, we can do that. I love

3 (1h 19m 25s):
That. Do you know exactly how much these 11 picks if you were to stay where you're at? Cost

19 (1h 19m 29s):
You know roughly, but it's, everyone's got different charts. You got the Jimmy Johnson chart, you got your own, like we use analytics of what trades actually happen. And, we,

3 (1h 19m 40s):
Oh that's the points thing. And

19 (1h 19m 41s):
That that's the point system. Yeah. And then you have your rookie pool As far as what

3 (1h 19m 44s):
The salary cap? Yeah, salary

19 (1h 19m 45s):
Cap

3 (1h 19m 45s):
Stuff. Yeah. Okay, let's go to the points thing. Yeah. So Jimmy Johnson created this. Is that kinda what Yeah,

19 (1h 19m 50s):
He did. So he has the standard chart. I I still think people base it off of how he did it. Now contracts have changed. The values of picks may have changed some. So there's, you know, we use some analytic forms. I know some teams do that as well of how much you value, you know, the first pick in the draft versus the 28th pick in the draft to round four the 28th, picking that round. Got

3 (1h 20m 12s):
It. Connor's got a question for you. So

4 (1h 20m 13s):
With the draft, obviously pro days right now are huge and the quarterbacks are the, you know, the mainstay, the main event of those pro days. But you guys don't need 'em. So when you go to these pro days and you're looking at linemen, you mentioned the secondary, you guys are You know, need to get younger at. What are you looking for in those positions at pro days? And then how often do you love a guy so much that you won't even go to the pro day? 'cause you don't want to like reveal like, hey I love insert name Terry and Arnold. Yeah. If you will. Like how often does that happen? Yeah,

19 (1h 20m 42s):
I I it's a great point. I'm, I'm more do it on the position. Like if it's, I try to make sure I'm not just going to these schools that have high rated positions. Like if you were, if we were looking for a corner, you know, if, if a team sees me like Alabama, I was at Alabama's Pro Day. But if they see me at all these top corner Michigan,

3 (1h 21m 5s):
West Virginia. Yeah.

4 (1h 21m 8s):
That's so funny.

19 (1h 21m 9s):
You know, you know, you know what I'm saying? But that's that sound like it that that would probably leave a clue of what you're doing. Yeah. More than anything. I don't really worry if it's one player here or there. I don't think they would pick that up. But if, if you found a GM and he's going to all the offensive tackle, you know, the top guys workouts or corner, you probably know where they're leaning forward.

4 (1h 21m 27s):
Are you tracking that of the other GMs? Like hey it looks like Jerry. Oh okay. Yeah.

3 (1h 21m 31s):
Oh, how about when somebody's like, obviously omitted from one like oh they're doing that on purpose.

19 (1h 21m 36s):
Yeah. You don't know. Everybody's got reasons. And sometimes, like this year, the last week, the day Alabama went, Texas went Ohio State went Michigan mic. No, Michigan was two days later. But there was another one. UUSC. Here it is. So there was four that day and I'm like, can we plan a little bit better because I'd like to be at a couple days. Is that the schools? Yeah, the schools. Because like

3 (1h 21m 56s):
Which one did you go to?

19 (1h 21m 58s):
Alabama.

4 (1h 21m 59s):
So then if you asked for, you

19 (1h 22m 0s):
Gotta figure out who we wanna draft

3 (1h 22m 1s):
Now. Why Yeah, why'd you go there? Yeah, why? Why'd you go

4 (1h 22m 3s):
There? Kool-Aid. McKintry. But these

3 (1h 22m 5s):
Oh yeah, I Taylor was working 'em out too. The Pittsburgh Steelers. That was a good workout. That was a good workout. It was a good work. Oh, so you won what wide receivers down there?

19 (1h 22m 13s):
Jermaine Burton? Yeah,

4 (1h 22m 14s):
Burton's there.

3 (1h 22m 15s):
That doesn't make any, did you go to the Texas Friday day?

19 (1h 22m 17s):
No, it was the same day.

3 (1h 22m 19s):
Oh, so you were obviously showing. There we

4 (1h 22m 21s):
Go. Shell game. Yeah, now he has, now you figured it out. That's the schedule

19 (1h 22m 24s):
By the way. West Virginia, the second one, West Virginia does have a center. Don't take him.

3 (1h 22m 27s):
Whatcha talking about

19 (1h 22m 29s):
You don't like Frazier? I do like Frazier.

3 (1h 22m 31s):
Oh, he wants to be a Pittsburgh Steeler you. Oh yeah.

19 (1h 22m 33s):
Oh I got it. I got you.

3 (1h 22m 35s):
Oh, I like that you knew exactly who he talking Bills. Come

19 (1h 22m 37s):
On man.

4 (1h 22m 38s):
Bill sucked. Born,

19 (1h 22m 39s):
Raised in Pittsburgh to be fair.

3 (1h 22m 41s):
Okay, are you guys done now? Are you done here at the league owner meeting?

19 (1h 22m 45s):
Yeah, we're good. I'm gonna get a little pool time this afternoon and get on the bird tomorrow.

3 (1h 22m 50s):
We saw people, everybody that's walking through here with the NFL because I thought I saw just some random old whites walking through that. Those are all family members of NFL people. I

19 (1h 22m 60s):
Assume. It could be. It's, it's I think a lot of the NF NFL's checking out. So there's probably others

3 (1h 23m 4s):
Checking out. We'd say job well done at the annual meetings. You guys would say that?

19 (1h 23m 9s):
I'd say that

3 (1h 23m 9s):
You change the game completely. Yeah. Hip drop tackle. Ah,

19 (1h 23m 13s):
Well I don't, here's what, I don't know what was said on the other ones, but what the way we're told is they just need something to find guys if, you know, if you go tackle someone and And it snaps his leg or something like that. Got it. Versus, 'cause I do think it would, I think it's gonna be very, very hard to truly call that live in game. The difference because some of the ones they showed, oh, like I, I be honest, I, the chiefs one, I, I couldn't tell if it was a hip drop or not. And so to ask a guy do that, I don't think it's gonna be really called at this point. I think it's gonna be more so on Monday or Tuesday. Okay. you know, player X gets, gets this fine

3 (1h 23m 48s):
And Jim Hart, I don't wanna just out him 'cause he was, I don't think he knew that this was gonna happen, but he was like, gotta get it outta the game, the hip drop tackle. And he started demonstrating it on me like out there in the hallway. He started like, actually he's a big dude. Yeah, a big dude. He's a big dude. Physical.

19 (1h 24m 2s):
You're still standing so he must not have Got

3 (1h 24m 4s):
You. Well I got my cowboy boots on too. So we're eye, we're eye eye. But he did it. And then the way, it's almost like they feel, you guys feel as if they got rid of the horse collar, right? Because that was the brutal snappier like, now there's people, not everybody in the league who have used this technique almost as like a replacement for the horse tackle. Yeah. So what they're trying to do is get rid of the purpose, intent of like bending guys backwards seemingly. Yeah. Is that kinda how it was broken down?

19 (1h 24m 31s):
That's what the, and there's belief, again, I don't know this, but it was said in one of the meeting that they believe there are a couple of teams that maybe they're not coaching it, but they're not. But they're not.

3 (1h 24m 41s):
Yeah. That was said by Ella saying, we were like, what? Who's doing that?

19 (1h 24m 45s):
But I don't, I don't, I have no idea. They didn't say who it is. It was just, it was mentioned by one of the league members at the that they thought that was

3 (1h 24m 52s):
Alarming though, whenever that was said Right. By all parties, what?

19 (1h 24m 55s):
Never heard that. you know? Yeah. I don't, I don't, I know players aren't intentionally trying to hurt players. So, I don't know where

3 (1h 24m 60s):
Comes Well, so that's a whole nother conversation. There could be, you know, I mean, maybe there's some guys,

19 (1h 25m 5s):
Well, I mean, if a guy got you, maybe you're going after him, but I don't think You know when you play, you were waking up every day going, I'm gonna try to hurt someone. Well,

3 (1h 25m 10s):
He was trying to knock people out. Yeah. Not So, I stu him let me hip drop tackle this guy and hurt him. No one's. Yeah. If you're gonna hurt him, you're going after their head. You're not. Well, I can't do that anymore though. I know. That's what I'm saying. But, but I think what Jim mentioned to me that I hadn't thought of is like, guys are athletic enough with his impression. Like they're using this instead of the, we just, we're just trying to get like people, almost the swivel thing spooked out of not doing it anymore. Like, hey, when you tackle somebody, tackle 'em, but don't be doing the fool trying to blow out knees on this.

19 (1h 25m 38s):
Yeah. Basically jumping on 'em and just dropping all your weight to where they're

3 (1h 25m 41s):
Doing Unweighting yourself. Yes.

19 (1h 25m 42s):
Can't

3 (1h 25m 43s):
Do that. That was a real thing when that was presented to you. When they unweight themselves, you're like, what the, who, what rocket scientist came up with this entire thing. We're gonna, we're still gonna have football though.

19 (1h 25m 54s):
Yes. It'll be fine. It's, it's, I I honestly, I think it's gonna work just fine. I think it's more of a, Hey, be mindful of this. Make sure your players know they can't unweight themselves this way, because they did show even some rugby plays. There were some of 'em. You're like, man, that, that is rough. You don't want a guy to fracture an ankle or anything like that. Look nasty. Yeah. But again, I wouldn't want to, I'm not a fan of seeing a bunch of flags on this either. Like you got, it's hard enough to play defense with all the helmet rules and as such, so we do have to make sure our league allows defenders to play defense.

3 (1h 26m 26s):
Last question for me. Okay. 16 feet. We heard. Do you know what I'm talking about?

19 (1h 26m 31s):
Is that how much snow we got in Buffalo since I was gone? Well,

3 (1h 26m 34s):
Well we need to get more shovels. That's a whole nother conversation. We're not getting into that. Start that.

19 (1h 26m 38s):
Oh, buffaloes.

3 (1h 26m 39s):
Well, bison. Bison. They're not buffalo. 16 feet. 16 feet we heard is the size of the bison out, out front of the new stadium. Are we happy? We're happy about that.

19 (1h 26m 50s):
Do we need, how, how big do we want? Well,

3 (1h 26m 51s):
We're just worried. We're worried people are gonna be jumping up on top of this. Yeah. We're just worried that definitely they're gonna be doing ricochet shooting stars off the front of those bison through tables. Fire. We're just trying to protect the fans is what we're trying to do. But are you excited about all the changes that are taking place up there?

19 (1h 27m 6s):
Oh, it's when that stadium's, I mean, it's gonna be, you guys have to come up there and like do a show or something for a, I mean it's gonna be, it's gonna be epic. It's already epic on game days out in the lots at our current stadium. But this new stadium's gonna be, you

3 (1h 27m 18s):
Ever go out there?

19 (1h 27m 19s):
I did one time our first year

3 (1h 27m 22s):
Hoodie on.

19 (1h 27m 23s):
No, no. We, Sean and I went out there. They put us on a golf cart. And. we met some people. It was cool because we were, this is like four hours before kickoff and you're talking to people that are, they had RVs there all weekend, like a NASCAR deal. And they're like, they're like, this is, they saved their money up for, to do this 10 times a year. Yeah. Not to go on a Disney World vacation or whatever like this is, and just much respect that. That's how they're spending their time. And people would park their RVs and, and You know next to each other. We've been parking our RV next to him and her since 1995. you know, like Yeah. Whatever it is. And it's just, it's really impressive. The commitment and the passion. And obviously they've gone through 17 years of not, you know, not going to the playoffs and these people are still there ready to go back in their team.

19 (1h 28m 9s):
It's,

3 (1h 28m 9s):
Hey, go win one for 'em.

19 (1h 28m 11s):
Please. Your, your words to God's ears, please.

3 (1h 28m 13s):
Well, let's make sure we do it all right. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, general manager of the Buffalo Be's friend of the program. Who cut all of our other friends. Brandon Beer. Appreciate

19 (1h 28m 23s):
You guys. Thanks guys. Good to see

3 (1h 28m 26s):
You guys. He does got massive caps. You think

19 (1h 28m 28s):
He cut 'em? 'cause they were sitting with plant medicine.

3 (1h 28m 30s):
Yeah. Was that one the ayahuasca? Yeah. Is that why you cut Jordan for? You can go now. You're not his GM anymore. Go with him. You can talk about it. You can get in. The Bob was there too. Hey, thank you man. I

19 (1h 28m 41s):
Appreciate you.

3 (1h 28m 41s):
Geez. Calves are good. Gigantic guys. You calves. Do you walk when you golf walk? Of course. We all the time you walk when you golf. I mean,

19 (1h 28m 48s):
Not every place, but I do when

3 (1h 28m 49s):
I can. How about when you sandbagged us? What was that? What? What? Oh, oh yeah. How

19 (1h 28m 53s):
About by a stroke? I did not sandbag.

3 (1h 28m 56s):
Okay. All right. You said appreciate you. Hey, you're the man. Thank you for making time. Alright, see ya golfer.

4 (1h 29m 2s):
Oh yeah. Big time. Swings it. I mean that was the what? The hardest course. And he shot like a 70, which

3 (1h 29m 6s):
Was 78.

4 (1h 29m 6s):
Six. Yeah. 76. Thought he played bad too. It was a bad, yeah,

7 (1h 29m 8s):
I left a couple out there. Yeah,

3 (1h 29m 11s):
His calves are literally the size of Oh yeah,

7 (1h 29m 14s):
He's good. Off the tee. Eat those things for Easter this week.

3 (1h 29m 17s):
Annual league meetings. Also referred to as owners meetings. Yep. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a member of

7 (1h 29m 23s):
Ownership here. Here we go. All of a sudden the intensity of the room has been heightened because there is royalty here.

3 (1h 29m 36s):
Ladies and gentlemen, owner of the Indianapolis Colts. Jim Mercer's, youngest daughter. Ladies and gentlemen, Kaylin Jackson.

7 (1h 29m 49s):
Good to see you as well. Hi guys.

3 (1h 29m 52s):
Kaylin Hell. yeah, thank you for allowing us at your meetings. The carpeting. Ya, it's aj. I, I don't wanna break

23 (1h 29m 58s):
Anything. I'm so short.

3 (1h 29m 60s):
No, it's okay. We got a weird setup too. Okay,

7 (1h 30m 3s):
There.

3 (1h 30m 3s):
Hey, congrats on another successful annual league meeting. From what we've been told, everything went good this week. Yeah, everything went great. Okay. How many years is this now for you going to these? Oh,

23 (1h 30m 13s):
So it was right after college. I graduated in in 2010. So that's when I started to go. I was coming to these meetings though since I was a baby. So,

3 (1h 30m 25s):
Okay, so let's talk about that. That's obviously a lot of pressure too for you. Like obviously there's everybody on earth that's like, I wish my parents owned an NFL team, but for you it's like you're gonna be handed the keys at some point of an NFL franchise that's gonna be worth billions

7 (1h 30m 41s):
And billions

3 (1h 30m 43s):
Of dollars in a sport that is famous. And it's like you're trying and I think Carly is as well trying to learn everything you can about the business currently. Is that an accurate assessment of everything? Yes.

23 (1h 30m 52s):
I mean I think a common question is always, you know, did, did your dad say like this is what you have to do and that was never the case. He wanted us to do whatever made us happy. And I mean I think he hoped it, You know, he hoped that this would continue being a hundred percent family run, which is rare these days. And I think, I didn't really know for sure. I mean I knew I was, that was what I was interested in. But I think I watched him and listened to him and he said, you should go and make sure it is what you wanna do. And So I did go to Indiana University. Ca Hoosiers ca

7 (1h 31m 24s):
Ho

3 (1h 31m 24s):
Women's team. I know.

23 (1h 31m 25s):
Sweet 16. I

7 (1h 31m 27s):
So

3 (1h 31m 27s):
Excited West Virginia got cheated last night. But you saw it.

7 (1h 31m 32s):
You saw

23 (1h 31m 32s):
It. No comment. But, but So I went there for sport marketing and management and I, I almost went to grad school And. it was really, truly 'cause I wanted to make sure that I think people knew that I took this seriously once I discovered it is what I wanted to do. For sure. And that's where my passion lied. I think you being a woman in a male dominated field is one thing. But also we didn't scratch our way to get here. I mean that's something that we have known since we were young And. we take that very seriously. We are handed this opportunity and I think with that comes a lot of responsibility and I think we've always taken that very, very seriously and, and that's why I wanted to go to more school to kind of prove myself in a way.

23 (1h 32m 15s):
But I also think then I really thought hard about it and talked to my dad of course about it and realizing that getting actual experience in the field was what I needed to do most.

6 (1h 32m 25s):
How's dad?

23 (1h 32m 27s):
Good? He is. He is. He is doing better. He's not here obviously 'cause he is still recovering, but everyone's been just so kind and gracious and and checking on him, asking about him. And I

3 (1h 32m 37s):
Heard it was not good. Right. Is that accurate? Your dad's a tough dude though.

23 (1h 32m 41s):
He is a tough dude and I think, you know, of course I'm not going going to specifics about his medical condition. He can answer those questions for himself. But You know it's gonna be a long road for him, but he's getting better every day. So had

3 (1h 32m 55s):
A baby Jim Hell.

6 (1h 32m 56s):
Yeah.

3 (1h 32m 56s):
Had a baby. Jim Kaylin's doing great down here. We heard she voted for all the right, all the right stuff. Crushed it. Got into it. And you talked about not having to scratch and being, you know, feeling guilt about that. I was at an event the other night, you and your sisters came up, were like, yeah, we'll give $500,000 due to Children's Hospital with Peyton Manning and then the S-A-Y-M-C-A downtown. Yep. Beautiful. Yeah. We'll give $10 million for this. Yeah. Kicking the stigma to try to help people with mental Yeah, we'll give millions of dollars of that So I. Think you're doing all the right things that people, you know, 'cause you're always gonna have people that hate you. Like that's just the way things are gonna go. And I think I've even talked to you about this because of the world that we got dropped into. You've been in it your whole life, but the way you guys have handled it and the things that you do for the community is you couldn't do anything more.

3 (1h 33m 39s):
You need to know that as a quotes fan, we're very appreciative of you. Oh, that's really neat. Hey, no problem. AJ's got a question for you Carolyn. Yeah.

6 (1h 33m 44s):
You said you've been coming to these meetings since you were a little kid. How was, how was not only these meetings changed but also like the NFL from your eyes from then until now?

23 (1h 33m 51s):
So, so much. I mean, I Well you're talking, so actually this Thursday marks our 40th year anniversary of leaving in the middle of the night on the Mayflower Whoa

7 (1h 34m 1s):
Whoa Whoa Whoa Heard, heard about it. Heard about

23 (1h 34m 6s):
It. You might have heard about it. But when you look back, even to the beginning of when our family became owners in 72, even that, I mean just, I'll paint the story for you. So my grandpa, you know, he, it was an understanding between him and Carol Rosenblum that who owned the Cols at the time, Baltimore Cols And. it was an understanding that my grandpa would buy Los Angeles Rams and they would just trade. And so that all happened within One Day And. it was a one page document that we still have. We like that shit. It looks like a memo that's like on a typewriter that they both signed as saying we've agreed to trade. and that was it. Like can you imagine that happening today, And? it would.

23 (1h 34m 46s):
It's so far out of anyone's even imagination today and for good reason. But I think it just shows you how far And that wasn't even that long ago. So I think when you realize how much has changed and how much the league has grown since then. It's, it's super exciting. I think I look even in the key takeaways from these meetings here. I mean, the amount of international conversation that's going on, obviously we're super excited because our global marketing and Jeremy and Austria got announced this. Yeah, I know. Bjorn's exciting. Yeah. Yeah. And So I think just the, the way the landscape has changed is, I mean, you could talk about it for weeks on end, but I think one of the things that still rings true, and I always say what makes the league so great is they're, they're not, they take things very seriously and they don't jump to quick responses.

23 (1h 35m 36s):
I mean, they do very

3 (1h 35m 37s):
Slow

23 (1h 35m 37s):
When it's, but it's, but there's a reason. There's a reason behind that. And I think it's really, really smart. They take, you know, of course health and safety probably moves quicker because it is a more serious element than needs to address right away. But I think when it comes to where to invest, who to be partners with, they do move slowly. But I think it's for good reason. I think it's really paid off over the years.

3 (1h 35m 59s):
Did Adam Silver send a video about you guys just stealing Christmas? Oh yeah.

23 (1h 36m 3s):
Oh, we didn't see it. No, I went straight from meetings to here.

3 (1h 36m 6s):
Oh, you guys got two Back to double header on Christmas, Wednesday. Nailed it. Hey Adam Silver. Sorry. NBA. It's ours now. I know the NFL talk. You shouldn't let Christmas or you shouldn't let Christmas fall on a Sunday. No, no. Adam Silver. You should stop that bad move.

23 (1h 36m 20s):
I didn't see it got announced yet. So yeah, it's, I mean it's exciting.

3 (1h 36m 22s):
It is very, very, very exciting. Somebody linked it. Yeah, it's, I guess the, I guess the week before is gonna be on Saturday, so it's the same amount of time for a Thursday night game. And then the team obviously have it afterwards, which goes back to the safety thing, which is a never ending, you know, dog chasing its tail. Pretty much You know about like, well the grass turf And then we,

23 (1h 36m 42s):
I was hoping you bring that up. Let's talk about it. Talk

3 (1h 36m 44s):
About, okay, so Dr. Sill still Sills Sills. Great guy. Friend of the program friend by Dr. Sells. Only one ever in the NF nfl, the cmo. He's the chief medical Officer, not chief marketing officer. Yeah. He came on our show whenever everybody was pissed about the grass. And then he said, we're actually finding that there is a potential turf that is actually safer than any natural grass. And we're trying to collect data in that whole thing.

23 (1h 37m 11s):
Well I think the biggest

3 (1h 37m 11s):
Thing everybody's saying you guys just don't wanna do it 'cause it costs money. But I think No,

23 (1h 37m 14s):
No, no. Well, and I, I would say that what I think and they, they talked about services and health and safety at these meetings and I think what's super interesting is it's not just about is it turf or grass? That's better.

3 (1h 37m 25s):
Better which chart, which grasp.

23 (1h 37m 26s):
And it's not just that, it's even the consistency across the entire field. So like on one end of the field it might be the consistency element is really key. And I think the other thing that I think is important to note is that the league's investing, but it's also in conjunction at the same time with the players association, we we're working on it together. They are part of selecting those experts that are doing this analysis. And some of the work and analysis are doing is innovative And. it isn't being done in any other league that is

3 (1h 37m 54s):
Using. Do you guys see Bhati artist's tweets though? He's not happy. Yeah, he's not Bhati artist's tweets are not happy. Ty's got a question for you, Caitlyn.

11 (1h 38m 1s):
Yeah. Calin, this isn't exactly a football question, but seeing has, you're eventually going to be the owner of the team. I think this is just a fun little decision making exercise. And there's only, there's only one right answer here. I've maybe been prepped a little bit that I'm hoping you have the right answer. Are you a Bobcat? Oh, or, or a deer girl. Have

3 (1h 38m 21s):
You heard about this? We asked Carson once you gimme

23 (1h 38m 23s):
My purse.

3 (1h 38m 25s):
Anything for you

11 (1h 38m 25s):
Kaylin? Anything for

3 (1h 38m 26s):
Props? You

11 (1h 38m 27s):
Got it. Because this in there, this goes a long way. Boom.

3 (1h 38m 35s):
Okay. That's good news.

23 (1h 38m 37s):
Nothing. I'm like a deer guys. So, and I, I wish I should have like sent a picture, but we have a John Deere Gator that we take our girls around on. We live in like 30 acres and so yeah, we've seen, we actually utilize it. We love it. Caitlin,

3 (1h 38m 52s):
You and I'll say this as somebody that is similar age to you and have watched you through this entire thing, you have tried to remain a human as much as possible. And I wanna let You know very impressive. If I was in your situation, yeah. I I would be away a vastly different thing. You have handled it all with like incredible grace and I think what you have committed to doing is making the community better. And obviously it's a, it's a good display of what the future's gonna look like for us in indie. We're very thankful for you Calin.

23 (1h 39m 19s):
Well that's really nice for you saying I'll keep trying to, to prove it. Like really, truly. 'cause I mean I think honestly that's what we, Hey it's

3 (1h 39m 25s):
Cash cow you guys, it's up into the right. Is' there a lot of me, there's meetings where it's just like, hey, here's where it's going. Is there, is there a lot of those? Because literally you guys are the only, it's unbelievable.

23 (1h 39m 35s):
We're doing very well. Yeah. But I mean, I think say least. I think that that's most one of the most important things though that within the league and within, you know, just the horseshoe in general when you're doing well is not a time to just sit back and say, well this is great. Yeah, it's really, you

3 (1h 39m 51s):
Put the John Deere cap on. Exactly.

23 (1h 39m 53s):
Cap on and you start to think of ways you can be better. And I think that that's why I'm, I'm proud of so many people in that room and what a, when I walk in that room, a lot of times it is can be overwhelming with the amount of intelligent and different personalities in there. And I think it's just a testament how many people wanna be a part of this and how lucky we are. I mean, we always say there's only 32 of each, you know, position and every day. Genuinely, genuinely, genuinely. I do not take it for granted ever. I mean, every day could be the last. And I always tell you, try to live as authentically as possible and, and, and do that in all decision making as well.

3 (1h 40m 28s):
Carly, on the field during games, I

23 (1h 40m 30s):
Was hoping you guys would bring this up.

3 (1h 40m 31s):
She need we need more of that. Yeah, please. We need her fits on game day the best.

23 (1h 40m 38s):
Well, and I think I get

3 (1h 40m 39s):
She's a fashion God. Yeah.

23 (1h 40m 43s):
Not fun. Feels

3 (1h 40m 44s):
Fun. And she has the wristband headset notes, flame outfit, I mean the shoot, the whole thing. It's like very apparent she's out there. But I think that goes back to the point of what I was I asked you about earlier. Like she's just trying to learn as much as

23 (1h 40m 60s):
Possible, right? Yeah. Well and I think so we, we used to laugh like when we were, when we were starting, you know, 'cause we did, you know, we answered phones at the complex And, we You know we did all the things, internships and anything that needed to be done, shopping boxes, whatever, before we did anything that we're doing now. And I think for us, as so much has changed in terms of women in this league, but when we were younger, Hell yeah, by

3 (1h 41m 24s):
The way, yeah. Hell. yeah. Hell. yeah. Hell. yeah.

23 (1h 41m 26s):
Hell. yeah. And it's really, it's a testament because it's been made a priority. And I, we take that very seriously too in the work that we're doing in terms of creating opportunity. But there were no female doctors. There were no female trainers. There was no, I mean, it wasn't as normal for us to be in the locker room. And now our girls are in the locker room, you know, my nieces are in the locker room and it's kind of become more of a normal thing. But we used to say, we used to wish we could have been my dad and been like my dad and picked up jock straps and stuff. Because as weird as that sounds to people, because we wanted to be in it, you know, and it's, you can't, we couldn't and So for her. I give her a lot of credit. She spends a lot of time And it. As you'll notice her mic is up, it's not down.

3 (1h 42m 7s):
Comes down. She might have some ideas,

23 (1h 42m 10s):
As much as I know you'd love for me to tell that story, but she's not, I mean, she's really listening. She's listening to the different communications between position coaches and she picks a position room each year to sit in and, and learn more about. And then she's writing down what plays are successful, like how many times it's run, blah, blah, blah. So

3 (1h 42m 28s):
What if she's just like the analytics? Yeah. Yeah. Bernie Adams, I, I don't know if you've seen like in first half, for instance, this one we went backwards. Guess what's back backwards. We run it again backwards. Oh, look at that. I'm just taking notes here. I'm I, I don't know, football. That's hilarious to think about.

23 (1h 42m 48s):
But it enables her to ask a lot of questions. And she, I think that's one of the things people always ask. It's like, what's the most important thing? There she is. Boom.

3 (1h 42m 55s):
She did not like that play call whenever that was. Get it out. We're not doing this bullshit again. She's the best, as are you. We're very lucky to have you in the city. Very thankful for what the future holds. And shout to you for stopping by. Safe travels back to Indy.

23 (1h 43m 10s):
I do have one really fun new story that I have to tell you really quick before I go. Love it. If that's okay. Oh,

3 (1h 43m 14s):
Hell. yeah. Nothing but time. So I. It's your meeting. We're here.

23 (1h 43m 18s):
Well, 'cause I can't believe you've never heard this story, but, so when Pat retired, he had a long, long, long meeting with my dad. And I think my dad thought maybe he could convince you to, to stay and, and we're still sad You left. We're so proud of you. Come on, come on call. Yeah. And so after the meeting, he, we were like, So I had to go You know He is telling you. He is like, oh, well I think he's just, he's made up his mind. He is gonna, he is gonna move on. He is like, and he's going to work for a company that makes bar stools, And. we were like, wait, what? And then And then we started talking. We're like, oh no, no. And it's funny 'cause now of course he knows what Barstools is, but at the time he, he didn't And it.

23 (1h 43m 57s):
But the most endearing thing about it, pat, and like, I think you know this very well and that's why you love him, is that he was so excited for you. Even if he didn't get it. Yeah. He was really, truly, and he is, I mean goes to being asked to, to you know, introduce hall of fame inductees. That stuff genuinely means more than anything in the world to him.

3 (1h 44m 18s):
So he'll text me like articles of like old entertainers that'll pop up and he'll be like, Hey, future of entertainment can take a trip back in time sometimes. I'm like, who's texting? Jim? Okay, I appreciate you Jim. Thank you Jim. He's always been incredibly kind as is your whole family. Very lucky for you ladies and gentlemen. Kalen, Jackson.

7 (1h 44m 40s):
I

23 (1h 44m 41s):
Need to fall on.

3 (1h 44m 42s):
We need you. Knock

7 (1h 44m 44s):
Even get buddy. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck. Thank you.

3 (1h 44m 48s):
Hey, thank you. See you boss. Bye. Great work. Yep.

7 (1h 44m 52s):
Keep up the good work.

3 (1h 44m 53s):
Hey, you too.

7 (1h 44m 54s):
Great hat. Yeah, great hat. Really good. Solid

3 (1h 44m 57s):
Hat. Pete Ward. Great work baby. I did see your text. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're the man for that.

7 (1h 45m 4s):
Stay. Conte

3 (1h 45m 5s):
Sweets free this year.

7 (1h 45m 7s):
Wow. Wow. What a development. Thank you Pete. Wow. Peter. Thank you Pete, Peter, Pete. Wow Pete.

3 (1h 45m 17s):
That was very nice of them. I'm not getting into it. That was very,

7 (1h 45m 21s):
No

3 (1h 45m 23s):
That was very, very nice of that. That's it. As we wrap up this time on ESPN, it'd only be right if we bring in the man who seemingly for the NFL special teams coaches spearheaded a movement to save the kickoff, which inevitably ended with a 29 3 vote for an NFL hybrid kickoff, which is potentially gonna save the play. Special teams coordinator for the New Orleans Saints Jersey guy. Ladies and gentlemen, coach Darren Rizzi.

7 (1h 45m 52s):
See you real

3 (1h 45m 53s):
Good. Good to see you. Hey, here's the deal. There's an owner sitting there, so let's not, you know what I mean? What's stand careful, you

7 (1h 45m 58s):
Know. No, no, no. I, I'm gonna

3 (1h 45m 59s):
Sit, I'm gonna sit, I'm gonna sit. I'm gonna sit. I'm sit. What's

7 (1h 46m 1s):
Up fellas? How. you doing coach? We doing Everybody good? Yes.

3 (1h 46m 3s):
Awesome. So coach, congratulations on the hybrid kickoff getting passed. Now obviously a lot of work went into this and the XFL guy, Sam Schwart team's not happy that he's not getting credit for it all. Where? Come on Sam. I know, I know a lot of special teams coach is probably say Buddy you took a kickoff practice drill and put it on the play. But nonetheless we got to a point where the kickoff is seemingly being saved. The only change from the last time we talked seemingly is that a touchback just kicked in the end zone instead of being at the 35, which is pretty punitive, is now moved to the 30. I immediately responded with, guys are still just gonna choose to kick it in the end zone, give the ball at 30, but maybe not everybody. What are your thoughts on what got passed and how do you feel about where the rule sits now versus where it might be a year from now?

3 (1h 46m 46s):
First

7 (1h 46m 47s):
Thing I gotta say is your

3 (1h 46m 48s):
Graphic, this show's

24 (1h 46m 49s):
Graphic about the kickoff is the best graphic I have ever seen.

3 (1h 46m 52s):
Hey baby. Dirt dirty.

24 (1h 46m 54s):
That that graph, I mean I can't tell you how many compliments people have gotten or I've gotten on your graphic. They're like,

3 (1h 46m 59s):
No, you put it together, you and dirty.

24 (1h 47m 0s):
No I didn't. That's awesome. That's awesome. Well listen, first of all, I appreciate you guys having me on. I appreciate your support for special teams. Come on. We talked about that last time. But let's address that touchback thing real quick. you know, there was a few head coaches that thought the 35 yard line was too punitive. And if there was a situation in the game, maybe you're up by a couple scores or there's a game where you're lacking injuries and you don't have your core guys. There was the ability to kick the ball in the end zone for a touchback. That was the thought process. Got

3 (1h 47m 26s):
It. Don't, don't kill us. 'cause we can't potentially

24 (1h 47m 30s):
Don't kill. And and this is a one year, so if we go through the first year and maybe the start drive isn't what we thought. The return percentage isn't what we thought we can, this is a starting point, we can always adjust that. And so that was a little bit of a, a You know concession. All good. I, me I think it probably knocks off about 20%, 25% of the returns.

3 (1h 47m 49s):
Okay. So we're gonna get more returns though. We're still gonna get more returns. You think it's

24 (1h 47m 52s):
Still much better than what we're, we're currently at.

3 (1h 47m 54s):
Okay. Okay. Good. Right.

24 (1h 47m 57s):
So I mean if we had a 21, we had a 21% return rate last year at this. Knocks off 20, 25%. I still think we'll be 50, 60%. And you know we talked about this, there was 2000 non plays last year between the Touchback

3 (1h 48m 10s):
1313 the Super Bowl. Yep.

24 (1h 48m 11s):
Yeah, between the touch backs and the, and the fair catches. There was 2062 non plays. If we can get 50%, we're gonna bring another thousand plays back in. So it's still You know. It's, to me it's still a big win. Good for

3 (1h 48m 22s):
The game. Good for the game. Oh yeah. Good for special teamers. Good for special teams coordinators. Have you guys already started scheming? You already started scheming how you're gonna abuse these rules?

24 (1h 48m 30s):
Well there's always those guys that wanna say, okay, how can I get my way around these rules? you know? No, you guys special teams coaches. Yeah.

3 (1h 48m 35s):
Literally that's all special teams coordinators are trying to do,

24 (1h 48m 38s):
How can I screw the other guy all

3 (1h 48m 40s):
Yeah, exactly.

24 (1h 48m 41s):
So I mean. Listen, I, there's, I I think that's gonna be one of the really cool things about it is to see how everyone plays it. Having two returners back, the ability to have reverses and throwbacks. I heard you say that one time I saw, I saw the clip you guys showed earlier. The reverse for the touchdown. Here it comes. Yeah, I went, this is gonna be my fir the 31 of coordinators. This is my first return right

3 (1h 49m 0s):
Here. Nobody else is allowed to use this. No. As we wrap up here on ESPN and continue on YouTube and ESPN Plus we can't thank you enough. We'll See you tomorrow. Alright, we're off on ESPN. We're live on YouTube and ESPN Plus. Okay, so watch your mouth. Yep. Okay. Don't let any of those Jersey F words. Exactly. Yeah. You're not

24 (1h 49m 18s):
Never a Jersey

3 (1h 49m 18s):
Guy. Never. No, never, never. But there is a lot of creativity. I think there's a lot of options in this thing.

24 (1h 49m 24s):
I agree. And, that was one of our main focuses and, and again, I'm gonna give a, a big shout out to Big Sam. 'cause Sam, Sam got a lot of things right here with the XFL. I just think there was a lot of things that he might have been handcuffed, but like the 10 yard, 10 guys flat across on the, on one line in the return team. Not a good idea. There's gotta be different levels so you can have some creativity For scheme,

3 (1h 49m 42s):
We heard potentially tinkering to get three people back maybe. And

24 (1h 49m 45s):
There and there was still some conversation about it in the room this week, yesterday. And so just the thought process was again, year one let's have 7, 2 2. If there's not a lot of injury data that those two guys that are off are getting injured more than the others, then there's the ability to move guys back. Okay.

3 (1h 50m 0s):
You've and I, you might be like this all the time. I'm not around you day to today, although I have watched your come up in this entire thing. I didn't see a Rhode Island but

24 (1h 50m 9s):
The flame

3 (1h 50m 9s):
Days, I didn't, I didn't see a Rhode Island. but you know, Rutgers dolphins down with the Saints feels as like, you've been very passionate about this. Yeah. And congrats on getting passed. Yeah. I but also appreciate that and I, I don't think this can get echoed enough. We are potentially gonna lose the kickoff. Right. If we didn't find something And. that is why I think all the best teams coordinators kinda came together and why you were so passionate about this.

24 (1h 50m 30s):
No question. I mean you look at the play and I said this earlier today, this was a dying play. And, we feel like we've pumped life into it, revived this play, we're gonna bring this thing back. I think there's a lot of You know things and factors about this play that maybe the fans aren't thinking about. You might see some of your favorite players back there as returners that maybe in the old model people were afraid to put out there. you know, I had the Dolphins reporter ask me today, do you think they'll use Tyreek Hill and Jalen Waddle and Raheem holster?

3 (1h 50m 56s):
Oh, fourth quarter. Why not? Yeah, like why

24 (1h 50m 58s):
Wouldn't you? Yeah. You know and and a b old school. Well

3 (1h 51m 1s):
Because AB used to just be a night I made, I mean you're kicking it through. You see those two 30 yard line they're taking but can they bring it outta the end zone?

24 (1h 51m 9s):
Yes. So every ball's gotta be downed. So if the ball's in the end zone, you can bring it out. Okay. So you actually might see it even though with the touchback of the 30, you might see a few more balls getting brought outta the end zone that maybe if the 35 they didn't. So if a team is confident in their return and they think their opponent maybe is not as great in coverage, you might see a few more balls prior the

3 (1h 51m 27s):
End. How do you feel about your teamers? You guys got guys down there.

24 (1h 51m 29s):
Listen, the Saints have always done a great job. I'm not just saying that.

3 (1h 51m 32s):
No,

24 (1h 51m 33s):
I mean no, I mean, I mean I mean the Saints have always done a great job with roster construction. Ro you know we've always done a good, I thought they've always, there's always been core team. Yeah.

3 (1h 51m 41s):
There's been some teams You know that just paid at the very top and then said, hey punter and kicker figure it out. I've seen a couple of those teams operate in the past. Oh yeah. It is much different. Whenever a GM will invest some money in a backup linebacker backup up tight end backup running back. That can maybe run a little bit. That's a huge deal.

24 (1h 51m 58s):
Well think about this. So like the last few years there's been guys, there's been games where if you're going to Denver for example, and you know they're gonna kick touch backs and you're gonna kick touch backs. Why do you need player 47 48 to be special teamers? You

3 (1h 52m 10s):
Didn't, oh, You can get a third quarterback if you need to or yeah, running back another weapon. Well You know

24 (1h 52m 14s):
And the offensive coach And, we need this guy. Well now all of a sudden those guys are gonna play 12, 13, 14 core players.

3 (1h 52m 19s):
We're saving jobs.

6 (1h 52m 21s):
Go.

3 (1h 52m 21s):
You're saving jobs if

24 (1h 52m 23s):
You're a core player. And that's why the PA likes it. The PA loves this 'cause it's more plays for them. It's more plays. It's more stats. Returners more valuable kicker core players.

3 (1h 52m 30s):
AJ has a question for you.

6 (1h 52m 31s):
How much thought have you put into like say your kickoff cover team? Do you just put burners on there? They're gonna run by those guys because you are so close. Yeah. Do you put like how do you mix and match the body

3 (1h 52m 40s):
Types and kickers can't go past the 50.

24 (1h 52m 42s):
The kicker can't go past the 50 until the ball is

3 (1h 52m 44s):
Touched. Got it. So I saw Reed already say put me in. You need the kick and go. You need the kicker to be attacker. Yeah,

24 (1h 52m 50s):
Well listen, if you watch all the XFL plays and the kick the kicker's hitting the ball and if he hits a high high time ball like your old days, he's fricking flying down. He's a free hitter. Yes. We didn't want that.

3 (1h 52m 59s):
Well why not? Why not? Hold on. Because you guys got a small kicker. You got because you group, not that he's not a dog group has nothing

24 (1h 53m 9s):
To do with you Blake. It's got nothing to do

3 (1h 53m 10s):
With you. Oh, okay. The entire ELL has gotta get changed because Blake is not a tackler. you know, he would No, no, no.

24 (1h 53m 15s):
You know would, there was actually a player. It was a player health thing. It was a player safety thing. Oh okay. So And that. And how about this? A couple of the owners actually asked in the meetings, Hey the kicker's not a guy that's used to making tackles. How often is this guy? He's gonna be much more involved. That that question came up.

3 (1h 53m 30s):
What did you say? Yeah.

24 (1h 53m 31s):
Yes. He is gonna be more involved. So

6 (1h 53m 33s):
Were you worried the kicker was gonna hurt people or people were gonna

3 (1h 53m 35s):
Hurt the kicker? Bingo. It's like if you see me find bear both well and go

24 (1h 53m 41s):
Back. I wanna go back.

3 (1h 53m 42s):
That it funny. We having a good time here, a great deal. Am I clown? Do I amuse you? Do I make you laugh Funny Hell So

24 (1h 53m 52s):
I mean Come on Jerry, I gotta get the good fellows. Yeah,

3 (1h 53m 54s):
Of course. On kicker kickers tackling is good though for this particular thing because they're the second line, second

24 (1h 53m 59s):
Level of defense.

3 (1h 53m 60s):
Yeah, literally. 'cause normally you got guys like, all right, we'll go. Ones will stick back. So at least you have like different layers feels like, and I assume you'll still have guys drift in and be safeties or whatever. Yeah. But it feels like it's easier to get through the main line. One in an alley feels like it, right? Like through

24 (1h 54m 14s):
Safety. And to go back to AJ's point, you know, I actually think it's gonna be a little bit like hockey in terms of matching up to your opponent means. So if I'm playing the Dallas Cowboys and playing bones and he has all big guys and I'm game planning, my kick return guys might be a little bit different body touch that week. If I'm playing a different team, I'm playing the Baltimore Ravens and they have all fast guys because we don't have that running start and I'm not worried about guys getting blown up. I'm gonna kind of try to match up body types. So I think you're gonna see some pretty cool things

3 (1h 54m 39s):
With the match up. Yeah. Can

6 (1h 54m 40s):
Cross. Is there any rules on like, can they, you know, can you change on

3 (1h 54m 43s):
The run twist once you run?

6 (1h 54m 44s):
Can you twist and run all the hoops?

3 (1h 54m 45s):
Yeah, you can do whatever you want. Okay. So

24 (1h 54m 46s):
Once the ball hits and touches, you can run wherever you want. So I think there will be a little bit of twist and, and that's how the XFL teams got guys through the line and maybe got some free hitters. There was some, and that's why it was important for us from the setup zone to have a second level to it. So you can have a kind of a, a, a lead and trail player if you will.

3 (1h 55m 1s):
Hey Sam. Schwarze. Good job. Hey Sam. Hi baby. Sam. He did once again. Can't now if he never did it, do we ever know? So shout out to Sam. I've agreed. But that has been a kickoff drill for a long time, right there. Saving legs.

24 (1h 55m 15s):
That's the way kickoff was practiced all

3 (1h 55m 17s):
The time. Yeah. Since the beginning of time. So it is like, we understand that it was put into the game with this particular time, which is smart. It ends up being the right answer.

24 (1h 55m 25s):
And I don't know if we can pause that right there. Pause, go back to the, go back to the top of the, the top of the, the play where you had all 10 guys across on on the 30 yard line. Yeah. And that's why we're gonna have a couple guys off the line back there. W would be the 26 yard line here, but we're gonna move it up five. And that's why that creates the second levels and there's another returner back. So it allows you, for more scheme, it's going to look more like a quote unquote football play than maybe a school yard. you know, go kick it off and everybody go get the guy with the

3 (1h 55m 49s):
Roger Goodell hated this, loved this. He had to be sold on it.

24 (1h 55m 52s):
Full support

3 (1h 55m 53s):
From the beginning.

24 (1h 55m 54s):
From the beginning.

3 (1h 55m 55s):
Okay. Alright. He

24 (1h 55m 57s):
Actually, he actually, they had that come to us. Well actually they came to Bones myself and a few other coaches and wanted us to maybe look at some alternatives last year. And quite frankly we weren't ready. And that's why the fair catch kind of came to be last year. But no one wanted that.

3 (1h 56m 9s):
No. Get it out. You should have seen the Cols fair

24 (1h 56m 11s):
Catch on this.

3 (1h 56m 12s):
The Colts did one and I was there in the suite. That is not free. That's awesome news. Shout out. Shout out. Well, it's not free, but you get it. Do you get it? You get it. There's a lot of other stuff that happens. Never free. Yeah. What's business? you know? Yeah. What, what is free? What is giving up? What is not? Yeah, that's a whole convo. Not for today. Celebration. Let's

24 (1h 56m 30s):
Go. Let's go.

3 (1h 56m 30s):
Celebration. Celebration today. But there was a fair catch 15 yards in front of me and I almost, I almost, I'm no longer a Cols fan. We are not doing this. We cannot script.

24 (1h 56m 41s):
Did you almost run out there

3 (1h 56m 41s):
That I was disgusted. I literally was disgusted because it's like we're fair catching at the seven yard line. You're telling me we can't put together a return that can get us to the 25 from the seven if it's a bad kick, like we're just kind of quitting on a play. So I mean I attacked Shane Steichen for 45 minutes at the combine about that. I'm like, Hey, listen, you did, you're awesome on offense. What you did this year was cool. I cannot be seeing fair catches on that. And he goes, why would we risk somebody getting hurt a penalty? It was an option that kind of gave a, a safety blanket almost for every team. Just, and he started seeing everybody. Yeah. Start fair catching the kickoffs. And I don't think the NFL wanted that to be the case at all either. The cool

24 (1h 57m 16s):
Thing about the cool thing about this rule is it's actually the exact opposite. So think about it, last year if you were the return team and you wanted to shut the play down, you fair catch it. Now if you're the kickoff team and you wanna make them return it landing zone, you pull in the landing zone, they can't fair catch it. They have to return it. The kickoff team does have the out the kickoff team has the out of kicking the ball in the end zone. and that if your guy

3 (1h 57m 33s):
Can, if you

24 (1h 57m 34s):
Can, you know if you can. But are

3 (1h 57m 36s):
These guys kicking balls further than they've ever kicked him before? A hundred percent. Why? What's happening? I I questioned myself last night on the plane. Yeah. I'm like, I don't know what I was doing wrong. I I thought I had a pretty strong leg. I thought I did these. I could never touch how far these guys are murdering footballs right now.

24 (1h 57m 50s):
Honestly, my opinion is as the game has evolved, I think a lot of these younger guys have started place kicking earlier in their lives where

3 (1h 57m 57s):
Focusing on it. Correct.

24 (1h 57m 58s):
Where, where we were growing up, it was a soccer kid that became a f you know, most right? Bingo. Yeah. That's what it was. Where now I think you have guys that are transitioning into American football a lot sooner. And so that's why I think they're just getting better. It's just repetition. Bucker

3 (1h 58m 9s):
Put one like six rows deep easily.

5 (1h 58m 12s):
The cast do one

24 (1h 58m 13s):
Too. As somebody mentioned today, there was 13 touch backs in the, in the Super Bowl. Not only that, 12 of the 13 landed outta the end zone. They weren't even, weren't even in

3 (1h 58m 20s):
In play.

24 (1h 58m 21s):
And so that's, it's

3 (1h 58m 22s):
Become shout up moody. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, hey. Shout up. Moody. Rookie. I like that little rookie, rookie

24 (1h 58m 27s):
Wall start and then finish on the positive.

3 (1h 58m 29s):
Not easy to be a rookie kicker. No. Long, long, long, long, long. Lot of reps, lot of reps. Because I see Blake next year. Go ahead Tom. Yeah,

5 (1h 58m 36s):
Coach, I, I just had this scenario in my head, Bill's patriots a couple years ago where it was 50 mile an hour wind gusts. Say there's a situation where it's like that and neither team, neither kicker has any chance to get to the landing zone, which in, in this, in this scenario, I believe is comes out to the 40, treated as if it's kicked outta bounds. Was that talked about? If there is a game like that, we're just starting at the 40 every drive. Can I

3 (1h 58m 56s):
Move to kick off up?

24 (1h 58m 57s):
That game was actually referenced when the coaches had the conversation. Should we kick the ball from the 35 or the 30? And Cam who's now who was at the Patriots now with the Giants, he said he got on the Zoom call. I said, Riz, we had that game in Buffalo a couple years ago and I'm not so sure if we're, if we were kicking from the 30 now 35, we got a much better chance to get it in there. 30. I'm not, so that was the, the maybe one of the main reasons we started. We did not want one of those games late in the season. Yeah. Where every

3 (1h 59m 22s):
Drive Yeah. Could be decided by it. Big

24 (1h 59m 23s):
Game and every drive start on the 40. Now if there's a wind going one way and and then the other way that You can get it

3 (1h 59m 28s):
Competitive advantage. Different.

24 (1h 59m 30s):
Yeah. And you mentioned this to me, which I thought was a great point. Thank you. People were talking, people were talking about, well You know, You know better than most. The, the kick the wind in your face is one thing. The wind at your back

3 (1h 59m 40s):
Tough.

24 (1h 59m 41s):
It's gonna be hard to land that if you're trying to land in a landing zone.

3 (1h 59m 44s):
I only threw gas. I only had the fastball Mariano

24 (1h 59m 47s):
Rivera one pitch

3 (1h 59m 47s):
Boom. When I got to the NFLI only had the gas. I still have

24 (1h 59m 50s):
His hit chart from when we played Rutgers, West Virginia. His kickoff hit chart. Yeah, he's actually lying. He had three, he had three kicks. He had fast ball line drive to the right. He had the little looper and then he had the squid kick.

3 (1h 59m 59s):
Thank you. I hated all of them except for the deep ball. But

24 (2h 0m 2s):
Boy, but I did tell you hit one of the best punts. I I said that last time. I can't say it again.

3 (2h 0m 6s):
Yeah. I don't even know if that was my best one to be honest. I'm trying. I appreciate you.

24 (2h 0m 10s):
Well, for the moment, for the moment, it was huge.

3 (2h 0m 12s):
Yeah. For me, I celebrate probably pretty hard that night. Probably too hard if I had to guess. And that's why I look the way I look. You look phenomenal. Are we in great shape working out right

24 (2h 0m 19s):
Now? I'm trying. I'm trying. I I'm definitely the most, the well, most best dressed not by Pur. I'm not on purpose. I had to work to suit.

3 (2h 0m 25s):
Yeah, you're yeah. We get it. Of course. As far, well I look politics, I look for the Yeah, you're getting Yeah. We get we get what you're doing. Yeah.

24 (2h 0m 33s):
I looked for the celebratory tank top in the, in the gift shop. They didn't have it. Yeah.

3 (2h 0m 36s):
Will you be jocked up? How old are

24 (2h 0m 38s):
You? 53.

3 (2h 0m 39s):
53? Yeah. Great. Yeah, you do look phenomenal. Fantastic.

24 (2h 0m 42s):
I appreciate that.

3 (2h 0m 43s):
We had a GM in here, 38 years old. Right. We had a head coach who's 39 years old. We had another G head coach. 40 Raheem 47 Young. A lot of young, young, young, young people. Youth movement feels like it. Yeah.

24 (2h 0m 57s):
And, and again, I think

3 (2h 0m 59s):
Uhoh 53. Oh 53. Oh oh man.

24 (2h 1m 2s):
Social security brother. The great

3 (2h 1m 4s):
March the back. Keep that thing thin and tight up there. Trying Congratulations on a good campaign. Saving a play potentially. Yeah. Making the NFL more electrifying And we appreciate it. 'cause you're saving a lot of special teams jobs personally. Now with that being said, Jamis Winston most electrifying person you've ever been around on a day-to-Day basis?

24 (2h 1m 23s):
Oh he's, he's,

3 (2h 1m 25s):
We're seeing videos of him coming outta Cleveland. He's taking Snaps full suit. He's given full speeches to the Cleveland Brown. Cleveland Brown's dog Pound.

24 (2h 1m 33s):
I mean, listen, Jamis and I spoke And obviously I had nothing to do with the offense, but I made sure I had a conversation with Jamis every, every day just, just for myself. It was like self-motivation. Every single game that I had with Jamis was at the Saints. He made sure every single person coming off the field for pre-game, he shook every single I'm sitting. There was a video one time, but that was every game. And he always had a message of the, of the week, you know, a message of the You. know. And he would have his and every single guy, equipment, training staff, everybody, strength coaches, players, coach, every single guy. And he would be looking and usually I was one of the last guys off and he was always one of the every single guy. So Jamis is is awesome that yeah,

3 (2h 2m 12s):
He's

24 (2h 2m 12s):
Phenomenal. Not everyone

4 (2h 2m 12s):
Thinks that Art Smith probably has something.

3 (2h 2m 15s):
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Hey listen here. Why'd you guys do that? Why'd you guys do that to Artie? You guys are supposed to just take a knee.

24 (2h 2m 22s):
Talk to Jamis. No,

3 (2h 2m 23s):
Why'd you? I heard you're the one that called it Ashley. I heard you call it. Yeah, I heard you

24 (2h 2m 27s):
Called it. No, no, no. I was trying to tell Art after the game. He was pissed. Obviously So I was trying to tell Art after the game. Art. We didn't plan that. He didn't want to hear it. I wouldn't want to hear, hear it.

3 (2h 2m 34s):
Art had a lot on his mind. He did. Art had a lot on his mind. We appreciate you. Congrats. Go enjoy. Hopefully the benefits of everything and all the hard work you just put together. A lot of You know when you're doing this, I assume it's a lot of bullshit. You talk about the Zoom calls trying to get everybody on the same page with different schedules, especially in the NFL. The amount of logistical work that you had to do to put this entire thing together. We're very appreciative of. Thank you for doing it and thank you for ending the surprise onside kick too. 'cause I'll probably go down as one of the greatest of all time. That's right. Me legend Janowski Mason Crosby.

24 (2h 3m 5s):
You don't even wanna mention your guy Morstead. Huh?

3 (2h 3m 7s):
The biggest of all time. This is the only one he hit. I think the only one he hit is the biggest one of all time. I

24 (2h 3m 11s):
Still love this 'cause Griff Whale is the guy recovering him. Like do you know Griff gr? I coach Griffin in Miami. I love Griff. Yeah, Griff's the guy. Oh, he 75 yard running Headstart is the only reason he got there.

3 (2h 3m 22s):
Come on. Come

24 (2h 3m 23s):
On. Griff was a, Griff was a four eight guy in his best day. Whoa.

3 (2h 3m 31s):
Hey.

24 (2h 3m 32s):
Not like Colin Jones who walked Pacman last week. Oh,

3 (2h 3m 37s):
Alright. We appreciate,

24 (2h 3m 38s):
I'm still pissed at Pacman for kicking those balls in the stands. I'd give him. I'd give

3 (2h 3m 41s):
Him again. Hey, we've heard stories about Pacman to other teams. I think it was Mitch. Mitch Morris. Mitch Morris, Buffalo. Buffalo told a story about whenever he was a rookie at the Denver Broncos, the entire offensive line was warming up like before, before workout. Like doing a stretch like, and Pacman came out all by himself and there's eight offensive line wasn't playing, was not playing playing address. He goes, bunch of bitches. Pacman just, yeah, in the hoodie probably. Big old. Oh yeah. Massive jaw shoes untied. Just, that's the game. you know, there's a lot of incredible personalities in the sport. There's a lot of incredible stories in the sport. And the fact that we're keeping one of the main things of football in football is a big deal.

3 (2h 4m 24s):
We're very grateful, are amazing. They're fantastic Here. We're getting a chance to learn about how the NFL operates by the people that are operating the NFL. I'm not alone. No, no. The tox tables here at Boston, Connor and at Ty Schmidt. Orlando's not bad. Oh,

25 (2h 4m 43s):
I like Orlando. It's a nice little place down here.

3 (2h 4m 45s):
They got, we saw it at 3:00 AM this morning when we got off the plane. Yep. We saw it on our way over to here. Oh yeah. We've been in a conference room for about the last four or five hours or so. But I, and a man next to AJ is Senior Insider for ESPN. Now we don't know what's real or what's not real because I think he was the one leaking the information. But the contract that ESPN paid him was because this guy knows everything going on everywhere. This guy's been working these holes with a bunch of friends catching up, seeing what's gonna happen, what's not gonna happen, who's going where, what rules are gonna get passed. Ladies and gentlemen, Adam Shefter. Hey Shef D let's talk about these league meetings. You love it down here.

3 (2h 5m 25s):
This is awesome. Just walking through the hall, you just see somebody that we have definitely covered for doing something. Yeah, this is awesome down here. How many years have you

26 (2h 5m 32s):
Been? And some of them were born

3 (2h 5m 33s):
The reasons that we have said, and then Tera would've had a reason to, Hey, explain them. Like explain his side of the story. David.

26 (2h 5m 39s):
I said to David, as I would say to you, I think he should do it. You guys would really like him. He would like you. You get along famously Match made in heaven,

25 (2h 5m 48s):
There'd

26 (2h 5m 48s):
Be, there'd be F-bombs dropping everywhere. Okay.

25 (2h 5m 53s):
Okay.

3 (2h 5m 53s):
Alright. Let's move to some news that you heard maybe. Okay. And you just broke this news via Twitter, but then you attacked us and said, not really though. Dallas Cowboys have been an interesting follow during the free agency period. Now go to the draft season with the DAK News, not signing anybody. Then Jerry Jones allegedly alludes to, they're gonna have to win with less going forward, even though they're all in. Where are the Dallas Cowboys at right now? What does Dak Prescott's future look like? What's Mike McCarthy's future look like in the state of the Cowboys from what you're hearing here, boots on the ground.

26 (2h 6m 21s):
We spoke to Mike yesterday, right in the next room and said to him, the Eagles have been very active in free agency. Giants have been very active in free agency. Commanders have been very active in free agency. And congratulations on reselling your long snapper because that's basically what they've done. Okay. In addition to drafting

3 (2h 6m 36s):
Just the way you said it.

25 (2h 6m 38s):
Got it.

26 (2h 6m 39s):
Yeah, yeah. you know, we were having fun and He believes, he believes that they've got guys coming off injured reserve that are gonna make a difference. He's believes that there are guys going into their second and third years that are poised to pay, take big jumps. That's what they think. But the problem is, is that they've gotta make more moves. They gotta pay CD lamb, they gotta pay Micah Parsons. They haven't done anything with Dak at all. And the time to do a deal with Dak was before free agency and they didn't do that. So there was no cap savings. So if they wanted to go get some of these marquee free agents that were out there, they're gone. They're off the street. So now they're in a situation with Dak going into the last year of his deal he's got a $55 million cap number.

26 (2h 7m 22s):
If he leaves after this year, the dead cap money charge is 95 million. That they're gonna have to spread out.

3 (2h 7m 27s):
Geez. Yeah. Which would be a new NFL record, even though

26 (2h 7m 30s):
95 million dead cap. And he leaves and no trade clause. No tag clause. So when you're going into the last year of contract, he now becomes the 2020 4 25 version of Kirk Cousins. And Dak, to me is a really good quarterback. So if and when he becomes a free agent next year, Dallas may want him back, but there might be a quarterback, needy team Giants banders, who knows? Like we could go through the list right now. There'll be no shortage of suitors for Dak Prescott as a true, unrestricted free agent on the open market. Like how

3 (2h 8m 9s):
Many? That's an ESPN dream, isn't it? That's for you. Oh yeah.

26 (2h 8m 15s):
You know what? I remember when his contract was coming up a few years ago. Oh yeah. That, that may have led Get up and Sports Center and NFL Live every day for like months on end. Oh

3 (2h 8m 24s):
Yeah. And then a deal didn't get done. And then obviously he gets hurt. Yeah. And then now it's all, we're back in it. Yep. And then the deal happens. Look,

26 (2h 8m 31s):
Look, no lead. It's a quarterback league. It's Dallas Cowboys. If you combine the quarterback with the Cowboys with

3 (2h 8m 37s):
Free agency with free with a guy, hundreds of millions of dollars, wait,

26 (2h 8m 40s):
We might as well just, we call it like DSPN, like Dallas, you know? Well,

3 (2h 8m 44s):
That's what some people do call it. They do call it DD ESPN for a lot of things. The Yeah. Different reasons. You talk about the $95 million cap or dead cap. Yeah. The $85 million dead cap we'd never seen before. Unprecedented. Sean Payton was asked at one of his breakfast things, drinking a coffee, Hey, have you, did you worry about the $85 million dead cap? No. And he just moved on. And the Internet's like, wow. Sean Peyton hated Russell Wilson. That was the immediate response from that answer. That was unprecedented. But do you think because the Southern cap's going up, we'll see how the Denver Broncos do. Is this a potential, like going forward, we're gonna see these types of things happen more often with the way deals are being structured? I don't, I, that's a lot of money.

3 (2h 9m 25s):
So much.

26 (2h 9m 26s):
Well, I think Sean Peyton legitimately believes that he's gonna find a quarterback or develop a quarterback. Whether Jared Stidham is the guy, or they draft a quarterback high. I don't, that's he, he likes Jared Stidham.

21 (2h 9m 38s):
He's a dog. He's the king of Friday nightlights in Texas, high school football.

26 (2h 9m 42s):
He like, he likes him. He likes him, you know, and he'll be an option. But when you do a contract like that, that doesn't work out, you're gonna have to take your medicine at some point in time. So they're saying, you know what, we're gonna take it now and we're gonna do our best to get through. Has

3 (2h 9m 58s):
To have a lot of trust from the ownership then, right?

26 (2h 10m 0s):
Absolutely. And by the way, he had the five year contract at roughly $20 million. So you're talking about a hundred million dollars. So if it doesn't work out, Sean, fire me. Fine. Like he's gonna do it.

3 (2h 10m 11s):
Whatever. Yeah, whatever. Like Hell. yeah. Sorry about it. Well,

26 (2h 10m 14s):
Hold on. Do it. They, they hired him because they know what he's capable of doing. Bingo. And if it, if it doesn't work and they wanna fire him, that's their choice. Like then fire him. Got it. But they're gonna give him the ample time to figure out the solution. He didn't trade for Russell Wilson. He didn't give Russell Wilson that contract. But he is responsible for digging the team out of that situation and making sure that it's good going forward.

3 (2h 10m 38s):
AJ's got a question for you?

6 (2h 10m 39s):
So. I. Guess from our end, it feels like Caleb Williams is a, a lock to go number one

26 (2h 10m 43s):
Isn't a lock

7 (2h 10m 44s):
Is

26 (2h 10m 45s):
Is a

6 (2h 10m 45s):
Lock. He's going. Are you, do you think there's any chance that doesn't happen? Anything drastic? Someone jumps up.

26 (2h 10m 50s):
I don't see that. Now look,

3 (2h 10m 52s):
Three are locked, you think? Yeah.

7 (2h 10m 54s):
Doesn't

26 (2h 10m 54s):
Sound like I don't, I don't know that yet. Woo.

7 (2h 10m 59s):
Who could jump up there? Who could pack it? Do you think two three are

26 (2h 11m 5s):
Locked? Caleb Williams? I agree with it. One. Okay. Now I think my guess would be Jayden Daniels it too. That's my guess. Okay. Okay.

3 (2h 11m 13s):
To Washington

6 (2h 11m 15s):
Educated guess?

7 (2h 11m 15s):
Yeah.

26 (2h 11m 16s):
Well, no, not an educated guess. Serious

7 (2h 11m 20s):
Guess.

26 (2h 11m 21s):
Well, well educated of course to a certain extent, but not as much as I would like it to be, to where I can say. Got it. Because

3 (2h 11m 26s):
No one's

6 (2h 11m 27s):
Telling the truth right now,

26 (2h 11m 29s):
I haven't delved into that the way I normally would to give you an answer to say I feel comfortable and confident saying Jaden Daniels is too. That would be my guess. Okay. Right. And three, I mean, there has been a lot of Drake make conversation. Here's the thing. These things shaft

3 (2h 11m 46s):
Changed. Shaft, it sounds like you know more than what you're leading on right now.

26 (2h 11m 50s):
No, no. I think that New England is gonna listen and if the right offer comes the way the Patriots, I think that they could be enticed into trading out. Do I think they'll ultimately stay and make the picket three? My guess would be yes. Fucking

7 (2h 12m 4s):
Thank God Jesus Christ. That's

3 (2h 12m 7s):
Bitch's. You

26 (2h 12m 8s):
Understand? Well, you know

3 (2h 12m 9s):
What? He wants to be a quarterback. They're not gonna be up there ever again. Never hopefully

26 (2h 12m 14s):
Calls you that much. Aita. I'm gonna definitely see if I can find out some more stuff that would give you more heart. Palpitate. Oh,

7 (2h 12m 20s):
Chef, you need to be a prick. I quarterback So. I can for football. Again.

3 (2h 12m 24s):
Tone's got a question for you, chef. Yeah.

5 (2h 12m 26s):
Around that. I saw there was either, there was,

26 (2h 12m 28s):
I like that AJ laughed at that. Love that.

3 (2h 12m 30s):
Exactly. Big pops around the,

7 (2h 12m 47s):
There's some wild

3 (2h 12m 47s):
Stuff

26 (2h 12m 48s):
That happens in the ballroom or Orlando, Florida,

7 (2h 12m 57s):
Man. Yeah.

3 (2h 12m 59s):
Trying to ask a question. Yeah.

5 (2h 13m 0s):
Around that convo, sheepy, there was either

7 (2h 13m 3s):
A full

5 (2h 13m 4s):
Or a report of executives or whatever, You know it comes out this time of year that they actually think JJ McCarthy is gonna be the number two. Is that all Bs? Is he just this year's, you know, soup of the day? That is, they decided, Hey, we're gonna talk about this guy. He's gonna,

7 (2h 13m 19s):
What

3 (2h 13m 20s):
Is that soup? De

7 (2h 13m 21s):
De de. Yeah, there

5 (2h 13m 22s):
It is. The soup de jour. Yeah. If we were in France, I would've said soup de jour. Is any of this JJ McCarthy hype? Actually

7 (2h 13m 30s):
Real soup. Soup Deur,

4 (2h 13m 31s):
I don't think plays So

3 (2h 13m 33s):
I Don't think that's what they call it. I believe it's French. Okay. All right. All right. Sorry about it. But JJ McCarthy,

4 (2h 13m 41s):
It's not Spanish. I can tell you that. Now

3 (2h 13m 43s):
We, we, we, we,

4 (2h 13m 44s):
We, it could be Japanese. I don't know. Tell, I can't tell you anything about translations. Tony. I can only tell you about, you know, trials and what they do in specific ceremony. Okay. JJ

26 (2h 13m 55s):
McCarty. JJ McCort. You guys look like you had a lot of fun last night from the time you landed to now, buddy.

3 (2h 14m 0s):
You have no idea.

26 (2h 14m 1s):
Yeah, no, I have an idea.

3 (2h 14m 2s):
No

4 (2h 14m 2s):
We didn't. No, we did.

3 (2h 14m 4s):
That's the issue. We, this is a slap happy situation. Really? Yeah. We Okay.

4 (2h 14m 8s):
Couple laughs. You'd be able to smell it if you Well

3 (2h 14m 10s):
That one's, that one right there. Definitely. Yeah. I, a couple that guy. Eight airplane bottles of whiskey. Have you ever seen one of those, those little things. The

4 (2h 14m 19s):
Nips, the shooters,

3 (2h 14m 20s):
Those are one shot is how they're like, technically eight of them. That's two drinks for this guy though. Give or take. That's the problem. You know. Yeah. And he had a great four hours of sleep. McDonald's at 3 45. Look, looks great. I mean, he's fantastic. Raring to go. you know why? Because we're getting a chance to talk to you.

26 (2h 14m 34s):
That's

3 (2h 14m 35s):
It. That's it. And you're a man from Michigan who obviously knows, which brings

26 (2h 14m 38s):
Us back to JJ McCarthy. Yeah.

3 (2h 14m 39s):
That's the gig names on the back. The, I,

26 (2h 14m 41s):
I think I would say this, JJ McCarthy, in the words of one head coach last night, said that he is the fastest rising guy in this draft right now. Okay. A head coach said that last night to me and Jim Harbaugh this morning. It was funny 'cause I was with the Jim and John, and John was saying JJ McCart, he was giving him the grief about all the things that Jim said about jj. Yeah. And Jim said he is the best quarterback thrower in this draft. Like, it doesn't mean he's gonna be the best player, but Jim is sky high on him. Number one. He really believes it. He really believes it. He loves JJ McCarthy. But number two, you know what, Jim Harbaugh's got the fifth pick.

4 (2h 15m 20s):
Yeah. We, yeah. We heard those. That he,

26 (2h 15m 22s):
As long as he continues to espouse his views on JJ McCarthy being this unbelievable prospect, if JJ McCarthy goes into the top four, that means that the Chargers are sitting with the number one non quarterback player in the draft. Yeah. Yes. So why would he not advertise this guy?

3 (2h 15m 37s):
Yeah, Jim, Jim's, Jim plays a little No, he believes,

26 (2h 15m 39s):
He

3 (2h 15m 40s):
Believes it about jj. No, I agree. I agree. He does. And also he made a lot of decisions at Michigan that he believes in. jj remember K Mcara took the team to playoffs and he was like, no, this guy's coming and playing. I agree that he believes in jj, but Jim Harbaugh does a lot of like, yeah, just happy to be here. Who's got a better than us? Nobody. Okay, here's the workout room. It's an all you can eat buffet. He's genius. Huh? Hey, Jim Harbaugh, he's, he's playing chess. He, we don't

26 (2h 16m 3s):
Know it. you know what?

3 (2h 16m 5s):
That's legit. I think

26 (2h 16m 7s):
He, he's on it. And he has done a great job wherever he's been. I mean, go back to San Diego, go back to Stanford, go back to the Niners, go back to Michigan, go back to wherever he is been. The place is always better and has had more success when he's there than when he is not. And so the Chargers get him right now. And, and they've struggled to find their footing. They've just been kind of this team that never really wins.

3 (2h 16m 34s):
Lose close games, lose games. You're not supposed to lose. Quarterback plays great. Don't come through. We all believe in a quarterback, but for some reason I haven't won yet.

26 (2h 16m 42s):
And I, I believe, and Jim Harbaugh, like, I believe You know. You know what? He actually gave me his, he gave me his business card today. Is it here? It's gonna be in this pocket. You're gonna love this magician.

3 (2h 16m 52s):
Is it a brick?

26 (2h 16m 53s):
He gave me his business card. Hold on. This is unbelievable. Yeah. I hope I have it.

3 (2h 16m 58s):
Watch

26 (2h 16m 58s):
He pull. Yeah. Here it is. Okay. Oh, what does it say? Got his number.

3 (2h 17m 2s):
Lemme, can I see that? Can, can I see that Rules to live by

26 (2h 17m 5s):
Jim Harbaughs rules? This is his business card that he gave me today.

3 (2h 17m 9s):
Okay. Yes. Zoom in on this. Can we Jim Harbaugh's rules to live by? Wow. Okay. Let's go through 'em. Yeah. Might as well have to, I dunno how much time you have And. we apologize for eating it up. But seek first the kingdom of God and all else will be added unto you, obviously. Okay. God bless. Love that attack each day. I think any God. Yeah. I think that is all encompass. Yeah. I think it's all encompassing. Although we do know who, which God he believes in. Yeah. Attack each day with an enthusiasm unknown to mankind. That's a Papa Harbaugh Jack. I think that's a, that's a Bob ball. Who could possibly have it better than you?

26 (2h 17m 47s):
You

3 (2h 17m 48s):
Nobody. Learn the damn rules. Lord, come on. Better today than yesterday. Better tomorrow than today. Heroes have no days off. Your fate is in your hands. Think, innovate. Find solutions by your talent and effort. You will be known. Choose a great role model. Watch 'em. Emulate 'em, then make them proud. Mort. Nice.

26 (2h 18m 8s):
I love Mort.

3 (2h 18m 9s):
Yeah. I think that that would go for, so you're following some of these rules, even though you got one of the wrong already. That nobody, a smile being pleasant is a small price to pay for the goodwill and affection of others. Bring good energy. Yeah. I like that. Don't be a energy vampire. You say something nice to

26 (2h 18m 25s):
Somebody. Energy vampire.

3 (2h 18m 26s):
Discipline yourself daily to be physically fit for life. I gotta get better at that. Sure. I gotta be better at that. I'll get fat, lazy, the whole thing. Very easy. That's right here on one of the rules of life until today. Great effort equals great results. True. I feel like that's a life Jack. I think it's, oh, that's Jack as well. Stop trying to win all your fights in the first round. Oh. Oh. Never been in the Oculus. That's a good way to phrase patience. That's a good way to phrase patience there. What we do in life echoes in eternity. Maximize, obviously that goes back to number one. They're watching you. Happy with it.

26 (2h 19m 2s):
Yeah. Well we could keep going.

3 (2h 19m 3s):
Well, it's gonna echo an eternity. Fucking think about it. Everything you do, long time seek long entrusting friendships by being happy and helpful for the other guy's success. Yeah, that's right. Love that. Be happy for us. Who's that? Who's that? That Jim? Who's that? Roger Goodell. Who is that? You keep, keep reading the rules. Well, can we tell them, that person that I just saw, that they could come down to arm Armada two. The best is the satisfied one. The only job you start at the top is digging a hole.

4 (2h 19m 30s):
Ooh. That's a good one.

3 (2h 19m 31s):
Okay. Wow. Treat others as you would want to be treated. Here's advice, ABC's for picking a school. Academics ball, college environment. Three keys to happiness in descending order. One. Three. Pick a job you love. Two. Outwork your competition. Ooh, outwork you. Competition. Oh no. Oh, the printer. Printer error.

4 (2h 19m 51s):
Or is it, or is it saying like you, like you

3 (2h 19m 55s):
Number one, Mary wisely. Mary wisely. That's number one. Oh yes. Three keys to happiness. Number one, that hey coach. Got it. Yeah. Coach Harbaugh has got it. Contemplating a career move. Do what is best for your family, you personally and professionally. A place where you'll be happy and productive and where you are wanted and they like what you do and how you do it. Follow the direction. Keep doing you. It's working. Jim Harbaugh, God bless you and yours, Jim Harbaugh. But by

26 (2h 20m 22s):
The way, so he, he carried these cards around and he just took it outta his pocket. He is like, Hey, I, I'd like to give you my business card.

3 (2h 20m 28s):
This guy's 1 0 1. Yeah. Yeah. We, we are so lucky. He's back in the NFL.

26 (2h 20m 31s):
It's got his Michigan Ann Arbor phone number.

4 (2h 20m 34s):
Yes. Is he gonna update it to the Chargers or

26 (2h 20m 36s):
Has to, right. I

4 (2h 20m 36s):
Would assume. Yeah. Color scheme. Get a new card.

11 (2h 20m 38s):
Stocks expenses. So maybe,

3 (2h 20m 40s):
Yeah. But the baby blue,

26 (2h 20m 41s):
Powder blue. I wanted to bring this home and, and frame that and show my, show my kids.

3 (2h 20m 47s):
That's smart. That person just called you. I know who it was. I saw the name. You did? Yeah. Unless you got fake names. Good. You got fake names. You Jackman. Who?

4 (2h 20m 53s):
President. President Biden.

3 (2h 20m 55s):
I think Tony Digs be intrigued by Obama. It's not Mark Kaboly. Ooh, Whoa. Who would be joining us in a boat. Don't sleep on every five minutes or so. Omar. So what's going on right now? What's the moves going on right now in your world? Draft stuff.

26 (2h 21m 6s):
Well,

3 (2h 21m 6s):
I think because Bean told us that he's reaching out to insiders to see what other people are thinking about doing. That's a big part of your job right now.

26 (2h 21m 12s):
Well, I think to me, owners' meetings

3 (2h 21m 14s):
Don't give too much away. Chefy, he might lose some of your source.

26 (2h 21m 17s):
I'm, I'm telling you this. Basically not a big secret owners' meeting is always like a line of demarcation. I think once you get past here, free agency's been over for about a week. But this is like all on to the draft. The draft is one month away and everything goes to the draft after the owner's meetings. and everybody kind of sets all their sights to that. And that's kind of where we're at. Not, not a big secret.

3 (2h 21m 39s):
So everybody's just calling, trying to see what you got on the draft, what you're thinking about on the draft, or I got ideas on

26 (2h 21m 45s):
The draft. you know, those calls will start happening I think in the weeks leading up to the draft. Do

3 (2h 21m 49s):
You feel like you're a pretty important part to the NFL?

26 (2h 21m 52s):
I don't think I'm myself like that.

3 (2h 21m 54s):
But you do understand that you have a vital role.

26 (2h 21m 57s):
I don't think like that other

3 (2h 21m 58s):
We do, yeah. From every, every conversation we have and we're learning more and more. You in rap sheet and Ian very vital role to the success of the entire NFL. Legit. Now there's some people that don't, we

26 (2h 22m 11s):
Would succeed without.

3 (2h 22m 12s):
I don't think so. All the all the like you guys are like a massive piece of all, how all the shit goes

4 (2h 22m 20s):
Off season would suck

3 (2h 22m 22s):
For us. That's for us personally. For

11 (2h 22m 23s):
Us personally. Even the current NFL though, in the way, the way it's covered and how much allotment it has on TV and everything, like they need you guys. Otherwise they're,

3 (2h 22m 30s):
Yeah, we need you whenever you guys are so fucking

26 (2h 22m 32s):
Do nothing. Well, they don't, if the news is gonna happen whether we're there or not.

3 (2h 22m 35s):
No, but some news is

11 (2h 22m 37s):
The way it gets circulated though,

5 (2h 22m 38s):
Like tampering period. You would've, you would have to wait for the teams to put out the official whatever transactions on Wednesday or Thursday. What happens versus Monday?

26 (2h 22m 45s):
Here's the thing, ESPN, when it's on, it's always gonna want to talk NFL. Yeah. So if I'm not there, they're gonna keep talking.

3 (2h 22m 53s):
Yeah, but I'm just saying NFL people, information

6 (2h 22m 55s):
Being told us, you have the info

3 (2h 22m 56s):
Being told us like, Hey, I'm reaching out to insiders. They hear what they're here and I'm looking at drafts, these mock drafts. 'cause if like four people are saying the same thing, that means they're talking to people. Like, it's all very important I think to how it all goes. You should take yourself more seriously.

6 (2h 23m 9s):
Yeah. And they'd still talk NF nfl. But what you say

5 (2h 23m 12s):
Carries weight.

6 (2h 23m 13s):
Yeah.

3 (2h 23m 13s):
Yeah. It's a big deal. We appreciate the house. My wife

26 (2h 23m 15s):
Doesn't think so. Well,

3 (2h 23m 17s):
I mean that's 'cause you're journaling every single night. Well, it's number one

5 (2h 23m 20s):
About

3 (2h 23m 20s):
Happiness then. Yeah. Happiness. Mary wisely. Yep. Yeah. Amen brother. Amen. Alright, chefy, we appreciate it. Anything else that we haven't asked about that we should

26 (2h 23m 30s):
No. Next year come to the owners' meetings on Monday? Like I said, Monday is when you wanna be.

3 (2h 23m 35s):
How

26 (2h 23m 35s):
We do it Monday.

5 (2h 23m 36s):
Was there a party last night that we missed? Yeah. Okay.

26 (2h 23m 38s):
Yeah, it was a, it's, it's, it's a reception. And for who?

5 (2h 23m 42s):
Is everybody there?

26 (2h 23m 43s):
Yeah. All owners. All GMs, all coaches, all wives, girlfriends. And media. And media. Everybody's like, it's Wow.

3 (2h 23m 53s):
Is there live, live performances by your

26 (2h 23m 54s):
There's music. Who?

3 (2h 23m 56s):
Who? Bono. It

26 (2h 23m 57s):
Was Brett.

11 (2h 23m 57s):
Michaels

26 (2h 23m 58s):
Can. No, no, no, no. It was not, not like that. They

6 (2h 23m 60s):
Put your phone in a yonder bag or you phone.

26 (2h 24m 2s):
No, no. Everybody's just kind of mingling. We need to be there for that. I would

3 (2h 24m 5s):
We get invited to that if we were there.

26 (2h 24m 7s):
Some, there was some funny conversations.

5 (2h 24m 7s):
Would we be invited to that? Yeah. Okay. Good.

3 (2h 24m 10s):
Absolutely. What are we, what are we drinking? What did people drink? Titos earlier. Open bar. What did you

6 (2h 24m 14s):
Open?

26 (2h 24m 15s):
Open bar easy.

3 (2h 24m 16s):
Alcoholic booze bank. Geez, Louise. What were you drinking last night?

26 (2h 24m 20s):
Water. Sparkling water. Do you drink? My wife has never seen me drunk once.

3 (2h 24m 25s):
Okay. So do you drink

26 (2h 24m 27s):
Not often.

3 (2h 24m 28s):
Really? You smoke weed?

26 (2h 24m 30s):
Nope. Really worked in Denver. So what do

3 (2h 24m 33s):
You do? You just, but I was

26 (2h 24m 34s):
Denver before legal. That's awesome. Legal

3 (2h 24m 36s):
By the way. Good for you. That's awesome. I was

26 (2h 24m 38s):
In Denver before legal. I, I am. I mean, you know, my family makes fun of me. I'm the straightest of straight guys that there is. That's

3 (2h 24m 45s):
Awesome.

26 (2h 24m 45s):
Yeah. Do wipe buy, lift. What's

3 (2h 24m 47s):
Wrong with that? Do you take sleeping pills at all? Like Advil pm Nope.

26 (2h 24m 50s):
I get into bed and I'm out in 60 seconds. Like

3 (2h 24m 54s):
What? That's awesome. Yeah.

6 (2h 24m 56s):
You lucky son of a bitch.

26 (2h 24m 57s):
I don't, I don't You're dumpy back there.

3 (2h 24m 58s):
Dumpy sleeps two hours a night.

26 (2h 25m 0s):
I don't stay asleep. Yeah. But I'll pass out for a couple hours and then wake up at You know. Two in the morning and then four in the morning, then five. Coffee

3 (2h 25m 6s):
Or caffeine?

26 (2h 25m 8s):
A a little bit. I drink a cup of coffee. Cup of coffee a day. Maybe two.

3 (2h 25m 13s):
Okay. So caffeine in the morning. You do. Morning. Is

6 (2h 25m 15s):
There anything you let yourself like that you get loose and like, okay, I'm just gonna,

3 (2h 25m 18s):
I'm gonna do I was it, I'm gonna go

6 (2h 25m 19s):
Like, I'm gonna You know that you You know Take it. Veer off the path.

3 (2h 25m 23s):
Yeah. Like whenever you have a I need to a break. A break. Yeah. Just to get away real quick.

4 (2h 25m 29s):
Vacation. Eat 50 donuts. Yeah. Something like that. Burgers.

26 (2h 25m 32s):
Yeah. Like I,

3 (2h 25m 34s):
What do you non robot do?

4 (2h 25m 37s):
Great question.

3 (2h 25m 38s):
That's because like, you feel like your life is so,

26 (2h 25m 41s):
Yeah. It, it, it's, it. I feel like in a unhealthy way that my brain has been rewired to not be able to enjoy things that I used to enjoy. Like reading, reading books, like going to the movies like You know, sitting like I just, your attention span is completely compromised. Well

3 (2h 25m 58s):
We appreciate your sacrifice at being Yes, we do do.

26 (2h 25m 60s):
That's

3 (2h 26m 0s):
For pretty insider stuff.

26 (2h 26m 2s):
You know every job has little things that come along with it. It's not physical labor to where your bones are achy when you get home at the end of the day, just this is what the job is.

3 (2h 26m 10s):
I'm happy though that you haven't just turned to just booze in all night, every night. It's smart and misery. When you get to that, let us know. Probably should. No, no,

4 (2h 26m 17s):
No, no, no. Not yet. Definitely don't

3 (2h 26m 19s):
We need you at least till next year. 'cause we're gonna be here Monday. Exactly. If you're gonna start boozing, we'd like it to be that Monday night when we're here. Yeah. Next year. If that is possible. We appreciate you ladies and gentlemen. Chef. Thank you buddy. We appreciate the hell outta you man. Chef. Yeah. You were way too kind to us this year. Yeah. Legit. You spent a lot of time with us.

26 (2h 26m 38s):
My pleasure.

3 (2h 26m 39s):
On a moment's notice too. Yeah. Quick for a person that is just like so routine oriented and scheduled based.

26 (2h 26m 44s):
I get back right away. Yeah,

3 (2h 26m 46s):
You do.

26 (2h 26m 47s):
When Mike ticks bang.

3 (2h 26m 49s):
Come on. We appreciate you ladies and gentlemen. I'm chef. Thank you

4 (2h 26m 51s):
Chef.

3 (2h 26m 55s):
Hey, you're a best dude.

4 (2h 26m 57s):
Hey guys. Thanks man. Appreciate you chef. Thank you Cheff. Thank you. Thank you Chef. You got Ole hanging my boy. Shafty dog. You're the man. Sweet shoes too. Thought doing a cannon ball in the pool earlier. Yeah. I don't know. Bruce

3 (2h 27m 10s):
Wore great air force.

4 (2h 27m 12s):
Nice big splash. He looks you seemed do a can

3 (2h 27m 14s):
Opener. Who? I was rude when I said I was gonna go. Wow. Because he's not that. No,

4 (2h 27m 18s):
No. I mean he, you kind of force him into wearing lifts today. Not

3 (2h 27m 21s):
Like rap. Listen, I wear air forces too and make it two, three

4 (2h 27m 24s):
Inches tall. Fantastic. Yeah.

3 (2h 27m 25s):
I these cowboy boots too. Yeah.

4 (2h 27m 27s):
I mean I wear hocus every day. You're telling

3 (2h 27m 28s):
Me I got some good news for everybody. What?

4 (2h 27m 30s):
Say

3 (2h 27m 31s):
Ladies and gentlemen. Man covers the Pittsburgh Steelers. A man who writes for the athletic, A man who's had a hoagie in his cargo shorts pocket for no less than 12 hours and eating that thing down hole. Yep. Two bites.

4 (2h 27m 49s):
Yep. Yep. Easy. On a

3 (2h 27m 50s):
Regular basis. He's torn both of his Achilles Yeah.

4 (2h 27m 54s):
Time recently.

3 (2h 27m 57s):
He's ragdoll match Schneiderman. Yeah.

4 (2h 27m 59s):
Yes. Multiple times.

3 (2h 27m 60s):
Both verbally and physically. We're learning in the pool here. Yeah. He's dunking a murder at the annual league meetings. Chicken fight.

4 (2h 28m 6s):
Can you imagine? Chicken fights. Chicken fights. Cab was on top. And. it was in Shef actually. Verse rap sheet. And Schneiderman

3 (2h 28m 13s):
Gave him a swirly. Did the whole thing. We didn't like it. No, we didn't think that.

4 (2h 28m 19s):
Can you He's he's dry off. Off. He was just in the pool. He was dunking Sal. Ladies

3 (2h 28m 23s):
Gentlemen. Markable ball.

15 (2h 28m 34s):
Yeah. Come on. Seeing you man.

4 (2h 28m 47s):
Stop laughing. Go bolt. Well it's a tough, it's a tough chair. It's be tough. Chair his stable. I'll hold this in. Yeah,

3 (2h 28m 54s):
We'll help you. Yeah, we'll push chair. Hold on. Ole. It's a good chair. Ready?

28 (2h 28m 58s):
1, 2, 3. Jump Job.

4 (2h 28m 60s):
Job. Got an ACL.

15 (2h 29m 3s):
You go. Don't work. Don't work.

4 (2h 29m 5s):
Good work boys. Hey, that's, that's teamwork. That's football teamwork, right?

28 (2h 29m 12s):
No, that's not gonna make good tv. What?

4 (2h 29m 15s):
Don't worry.

28 (2h 29m 16s):
Thank God

3 (2h 29m 17s):
We're only

4 (2h 29m 17s):
On internet right now. We're on YouTube. Woo.

3 (2h 29m 19s):
We're on the internet right now.

28 (2h 29m 20s):
Wow.

3 (2h 29m 21s):
In

28 (2h 29m 21s):
That you guys actually lifted me up. Would've been great tv.

4 (2h 29m 24s):
Well it'd be good. Aaron's good internet. Yeah.

3 (2h 29m 26s):
Good

28 (2h 29m 27s):
Internet.

3 (2h 29m 27s):
Boom. That's right. Mark Ole right there on your chest. The animated mark. Yep. Certified. Hold

4 (2h 29m 33s):
That up.

3 (2h 29m 33s):
This guy's certified in that seat. There's been ownership. GMs, head coaches, insiders, but there's never been anything like the power of Ole. Yeah. So we appreciate you taking time here. As we wrap up. Mike Tomlin, Russell Wilson, Justin Fields, large topic of conversation here at these league meetings. What have you learned both from the breakfast media sessions and maybe the boozing at night about how everybody feels about where the Pittsburgh Steelers are? Mark

28 (2h 30m 1s):
Who I know Mike Tomlin loves Russell Wilson loves him, loves him, loves him. Like you're like, like you're looking at your little baby kid at home, you know? Oh really? Yeah. He absolutely loves him. Mean you hear things about potentially Justin Phil's gonna beat him out and that's just not going to happen. Russell Wilson is brought in here for a reason. Yeah. And their reason is to start the season off. He's gonna have to fail catastrophically in season for them to make any move. And that's what, that's what I got.

3 (2h 30m 29s):
You've been covering the Steelers for how long?

28 (2h 30m 31s):
Oh oh two maybe So I might have covered you in high school. I'm not quite sure. Oh yeah. Probably not, but

3 (2h 30m 37s):
Yeah. Oh two. What was Steelers?

28 (2h 30m 39s):
You ever play McKeesport?

3 (2h 30m 40s):
Oh, I know McKeesport had family in McKeesport actually. Yeah, that oh five Little bit went to McKeesport Tough

4 (2h 30m 44s):
Squad. Okay. Gritty school. Yeah.

3 (2h 30m 46s):
Robos down there. Course

4 (2h 30m 48s):
Robbo

28 (2h 30m 48s):
Loved him. Yeah.

3 (2h 30m 49s):
West Virginia. Legend Robo obviously. I think he's coaching now. So you've been covered Steelers a long time. Yes. This is different You've been talking about on your ex. I've seen you go, you know, this is vastly different than what it's been. I think that's Tony Diggs reaction too. Does it feel as if the city is like rejuvenated from it all?

28 (2h 31m 3s):
They're skeptical.

3 (2h 31m 5s):
Skeptical. It's Pittsburgh. Is that you or Pittsburgh? It's

28 (2h 31m 7s):
Pittsburgh. They're skeptical. They like the direction it's going in. 'cause they have not seen anything like this as you mentioned, ever. I mean to bring in free agents of this caliber to total overhaul in a quarterback room.

3 (2h 31m 20s):
Fired an offensive coordinator last year

28 (2h 31m 22s):
Offensive in season. Yeah. You gotta give a lot of credit to Omar Khan to be able to do this. But you also gotta give a lot of credit to Art Rooney too. Yeah. He allows this to happen. I mean if Art Rooney did not want this to happen, it would not be happening. So he has to sign off on it on the top here. I mean the Patrick Queens, you would never see anything like that. I mean 16 was it 16, 18 million whatever money it was to become a star for now and the future, you just wouldn't see that. They wouldn't spend the money, they didn't have the money to spend. And now they do. Now they're spending a total of 6 million on their quarterbacks. Yeah. And they're putting it into place other places and they still got a lot of money they can spend.

28 (2h 32m 3s):
And I don't think they're quite done yet.

3 (2h 32m 5s):
Omar told Colbert your time is up. My time is now. Yeah, he did. That's what he said. Yep. It's a new day. Yes it is. To digs. Has a question for you, mark. Yeah.

5 (2h 32m 21s):
About like, did does it feel like, are they talking about in the city that Omar just kind of did disagree with all of Colbert Colbert's moves in the last few years? Because I don't think any of his draft picks are left besides obviously TJ and Cam and maybe one other, like is there, is there talk around that? Around the facility or around the building around the city or anything like that?

3 (2h 32m 38s):
Around sandwich shops?

28 (2h 32m 41s):
Nys. Yeah.

3 (2h 32m 42s):
Oh, Rudy's. Rudy's.

28 (2h 32m 43s):
Well you see what NYS did, right? They gave what, $25 gift certificate to people that turned into Kenny picket jersey.

3 (2h 32m 49s):
Yeah. And they also was

28 (2h 32m 51s):
Ruthless man, ruthless.

3 (2h 32m 52s):
You know, it was nicer to the city. I also saw they gave the NIL deal to first Don. Yeah. Yeah. They did their personal foul first. They're, they're scratch me where I itch as they always have. Yeah.

28 (2h 33m 3s):
You know, it's just a different look with the, with Colbert and Con. I mean, I don't think Kevin, I mean Kevin is a hall of fame potential general manager here. And it's not like he did this on his own either. These draft picks. I mean, there was people in place, the scouting department. I mean Mike Tomlin has a huge to deal with that as well as, as drafting people. But Omar is just something we haven't seen approach it this way and forever and ever in the, in the history of the Steelers organization. That's why people within the city, within the organization, even the players, you hear 'em talk about how excited they are about the season because, you know, they're putting pieces in place. They're just not waiting for things to happen.

28 (2h 33m 44s):
What happened? What you're looking, you're looking for the

3 (2h 33m 48s):
No, no, no. You, I see you got three cargo pockets there. That's,

28 (2h 33m 50s):
I was gonna bring the, that's we

3 (2h 33m 52s):
Got wire. You still have it? Wallet and sandwich. What the hell happened here?

28 (2h 33m 56s):
You know what, sometimes this old right achilles ax up on me. Okay. Okay. So you throw a little bit of compression sock and you put a little bit ankle brace on and you deal with the

3 (2h 34m 6s):
Pain. I see you got the hocus.

28 (2h 34m 7s):
Oh God. I love the hocus

30 (2h 34m 9s):
The best man. The best in the biz. Hocus.

28 (2h 34m 12s):
Yeah. I gotta go on the payment plan with him. But that's what, that's fine.

3 (2h 34m 17s):
That's because you're gonna have mayonnaise. Go ahead aj.

6 (2h 34m 20s):
Boy, I don't know. Have you gotten to speak to Russell Wilson yet? Or ask him a question? Yes.

28 (2h 34m 23s):
Yes. He talked last Friday.

6 (2h 34m 24s):
Okay. Let's say dumb question after the first game, what do you wanna know from Russell Wilson? Like what does he still have? What will you be asking to him throughout the year? I'm, I'm looking forward to seeing Yes, every post game or at the locker. At his locker after practice. I want to hear and see Cabo, ask him Russell questions. Yeah. Whatcha gonna

28 (2h 34m 43s):
Say to him? Maybe

3 (2h 34m 43s):
That's should be a local show. Cabo and Russ. Yeah. Russell Cabo. Yeah.

28 (2h 34m 49s):
See Mister, I think I'm using this correctly, but his fit the other day. Oh, more than

3 (2h 34m 55s):
Nail deck worth.

28 (2h 34m 56s):
Worth More than my life. Maybe potentially. No, maybe definitely more than my house and my car. What? No, you gotta a new house.

3 (2h 35m 2s):
We sold the house. You got a great kitchen house kitchen's unbelievable.

28 (2h 35m 5s):
Yeah. Like I said, it'll be paid off in 19 and when I'm 80, I mean, not in 1980 when I am, I am 80. So

3 (2h 35m 10s):
Do the math. Cabo.

28 (2h 35m 12s):
Yeah. It is not, it's not gonna work out here. But I might have to get some, you know,

3 (2h 35m 17s):
So You know Russ. Russ knows you though. You feel probably not. Russ knows You

28 (2h 35m 20s):
Know Ru Russ put it this way, if he doesn't know me, he'll pretend like he knows you. The guy is the most, what does that mean? Does saying he's the most, he's Polish positive person you will ever see in your life. Now it's hard. It's like Pittsburgh. It's honestly Hell. yeah. He's gonna, he's gonna get introduced in that first interception that not everything's, he's

3 (2h 35m 38s):
Not gonna throw any picks.

28 (2h 35m 41s):
But yeah, he's extremely polished and I don't know, I mean, I don't know him well enough to say how legit it is or not, but if it, if those guys buy in to what he's selling, this team's gonna be good. I mean, 'cause he really, really knows how to lead. You can see it by his words, his actions and how he goes about his business just within the first couple of weeks here.

3 (2h 36m 1s):
And Tomlin said that he thinks Russ and Justin are perfect for art system, obviously already Phenomenal offense coordinators. So much so they got a head coaching gig now. Didn't work out in Atlanta. I think he's pumped to be in Pittsburgh. Oh yeah. Now he's got Russell Wilson and Justin Fields as quarterbacks for 6 million bucks. Yeah.

28 (2h 36m 16s):
Yep. Yeah. We throw in Kyle Allen, they got yesterday as a number three. I'm sure he does breaking the bank. So it's not a ton of money. I mean, but but you think about it, Russell is still a $40 million quarterback and Justin Fields is on the brink of potentially, you know, a 50 year option getting him 2025. So it's not like they're bums. They're just, they are still really, we're gonna be well paid if they're they ball.

3 (2h 36m 41s):
You're the NFL. Nobody's bums. Yeah. you know. Okay. That, that's the quality journalists. They're not reporters, not bums a good deal. Okay.

28 (2h 36m 47s):
I know. I didn't say he was bums. Not bums. So while they're getting paid in the open market, they'd be be getting paid what? 60, 80, $90 million combined and Steelers are going bargain based me.

3 (2h 36m 57s):
Oh, mark on corner. Hey, I heard Kenny Pickett said I'm outta here.

28 (2h 37m 3s):
Yeah. He said he didn't want it no more. Whoa. You didn't want it No more said Whoa. Let me tell you something about Pittsburgh here. you know, Hey, I was a huge Kenny fan. I mean, I thought Kenny's, I thought they should have kept Kenny around, but I understand he wanted out. But to have a city turn on you so quickly.

3 (2h 37m 21s):
Oh

28 (2h 37m 22s):
Buddy. Oh my goodness. He was, he was a godness city. Prince Chocolate and Beers and

5 (2h 37m 27s):
Luke Combs just last off season in

28 (2h 37m 29s):
Pittsburgh. And now it's like you down

3 (2h 37m 31s):
The strip, they got Kenny Pickett jerseys hanging all over the place.

28 (2h 37m 34s):
Yeah. 35 bucks for per Manny's.

3 (2h 37m 38s):
I I will say gift card. So looking from outside in with the people that we follow along with who are a hilarious Zer bunch. Yeah. Okay. Hilarious group. Can't always take them as actual replic, you know what I mean? For what's going on the rest of the city. Sure. It did feel like the entire city of Pittsburgh was like, Donald won't compete. Oh, get this glove wearing bomb eye. Yeah. Give him the fuck out of town. They did that, right? That that happened everywhere? Or was it just

28 (2h 38m 2s):
Everywhere? Except the people that had H two P and their bio handle or queer hand.

3 (2h 38m 7s):
Okay. Got it.

28 (2h 38m 8s):
HI mean, I'm probably getting hammered right now about saying this.

3 (2h 38m 12s):
There'll still be a Pittsburgh legend Yes. Won ACC championship.

28 (2h 38m 16s):
But he will, I think he will always be remembered as that guy that quit.

3 (2h 38m 23s):
Oh, come on. Especially if you keep saying that a shortsighted,

28 (2h 38m 26s):
I'm I'm just telling you as a lifelong Pittsburgh fan, I mean, or Pittsburgh resident, that when you hear Kenny Pickett 10, 15 years ago, they been like, yeah, that's that guy that quit.

3 (2h 38m 34s):
Oh God. I I just think, especially if you try to push an that's gotta won the, a CCC championship at the University of Pittsburgh,

5 (2h 38m 42s):
It's a hundred percent gonna happen because nobody cares about Pitt.

28 (2h 38m 45s):
Oh, he said that. Not me. H

5 (2h 38m 49s):
No, I should say that like 10,000 fans that show up at Heinz Field

3 (2h 38m 52s):
Carry Whoa. A lot of people dress like seats at those games. Well, you

28 (2h 38m 55s):
Don't check your mentions later.

3 (2h 38m 56s):
Well, that's every day of our life. Kbo. And I couldn't even imagine yours right now with how good you look on house.

28 (2h 39m 1s):
My phone is buzzing a lot. So. I'm a little worried.

3 (2h 39m 3s):
Well put it down near the Achilles. Maybe that'll help the recovery. There we go. Ty's got a question for you,

11 (2h 39m 7s):
Mark. Yeah. Mark, I'm curious. Last time we talked to you from the league meetings, you had that big stinking pimento loaf in the toilet already. Wooden flush had some issues with the Best Western. Just curious, they had to relocate you to the Ambassador suite. If I

28 (2h 39m 24s):
Do not

11 (2h 39m 25s):
Recall, Rena. Just curious though. How, how

28 (2h 39m 26s):
Was There was nothing. There was nothing in the commode. Okay. Are you I went, I saw there was, I mark the toilet seat. The toilet seat. I sat on it And, it just went who it slid out. And I'm like, what's going on here?

3 (2h 39m 38s):
So we're talking cheeks in the water.

28 (2h 39m 40s):
No, no. Just a big slide, you know. So it was never fixed.

3 (2h 39m 44s):
So where'd you stay? You you ended up half cheek in? Yeah.

28 (2h 39m 48s):
You s stumped on the side of the tunnel. What they, the screws

3 (2h 39m 51s):
Just came flying off that thing

28 (2h 39m 52s):
In the back. It just slid. It was a, I did not do it. It already happening.

3 (2h 39m 56s):
Okay. Well it sounds like your ass kind of did it because you know

28 (2h 39m 58s):
How You know how it is, right? As soon as you have a long trip, first thing you do is check out the facilities. Sure. you know, unload down

3 (2h 40m 6s):
About to

28 (2h 40m 7s):
Nuke in this thing. So we talked about it on the show and wouldn't, you know, like two hours later I get an email from the CEO of that company. You're welcome. Saying, Hey, would you like to move your hotel up the road here? And I was like, I felt so bad at the time.

3 (2h 40m 22s):
Did you do it?

28 (2h 40m 23s):
Nah. 'cause I was leaving in the morning.

3 (2h 40m 25s):
I wanna shit one last time on the porcelain.

5 (2h 40m 28s):
The bully doesn't quit that easy though. Yeah.

11 (2h 40m 30s):
But going Oh

3 (2h 40m 31s):
Geez.

11 (2h 40m 32s):
But going off that, I was curious, like, what does your week look like? I mean, we kind of were just joking around. Like, were you out in the pool like Dunking Schneiderman and Sal Cappaccio and the likes of those guys? Or like, what is your day to day when, when you're not You know, covering what's going on here at the league meetings? Ooh,

28 (2h 40m 46s):
I, I, you know, I would mess with Schneiderman a little bit and he apparently he was getting a lot of grief thinking we really had beef together. Who cares? Yeah. You know. I don't care either. I mean, give him a swirl. He always has that one sleeve up. you know, You know how that works.

3 (2h 40m 58s):
I had him muted. Why did I have him muted? Did I hate him at one point? Well,

11 (2h 41m 1s):
Speeds. I don't

3 (2h 41m 1s):
Think So I liked him. I feel like the entire time,

4 (2h 41m 4s):
Actually, funny enough, I had him muted. It was because there was one Prime Time Packers game and he was live tweeting it. So I was on Twitter reading what was gonna happen before the

3 (2h 41m 12s):
Party because he was good on our show. Right. Yeah. And I thought I always, I thought we always spoke highly about it. So he was

5 (2h 41m 17s):
Spoiling it on Twitter. He

4 (2h 41m 18s):
Was spoiling it on Twitter. That I, I remember that specifically for

28 (2h 41m 20s):
Why I muted him. The live tweeting really makes me mad because You know, bro. I, I'm watching it too. I know it's first and Yeah, but that's

3 (2h 41m 27s):
A big part of

28 (2h 41m 28s):
Twitter. I know it's second and 10. you know, I I know it's, you need 10 yards for a first down. You don't have to tell me every single play. I can watch it. I, I go by

3 (2h 41m 37s):
The Twitter. Who's your favorite commentators when you're watching these games?

28 (2h 41m 40s):
I see I once again, you're making Pittsburgh. People hate me, but I'm, I'm, I like Chris Collinsworth. Okay.

3 (2h 41m 45s):
We

28 (2h 41m 45s):
Don't but everybody in Pittsburgh hates him. No.

3 (2h 41m 47s):
You

28 (2h 41m 47s):
Know, you gotta, you know, not just Pittsburgh. Wow.

3 (2h 41m 50s):
He's been doing a, he's been doing a lot of games. I think he's very good. He's been doing a lot of games. So like, anytime you call a lot of games, you've probably called people's worst moments.

28 (2h 41m 56s):
'cause you know, every, he wants to see the Pittsburgh loses. He played for the Bengals and all that stuff. And they always, and they always spell his name wrong on Twitter. It's C-H-R-I-S. And they always put Cosworth too. I always think it's,

3 (2h 42m 7s):
That's what the people in Pittsburgh do. Yeah.

4 (2h 42m 9s):
Pittsburgh. Isn't it CRIS?

3 (2h 42m 12s):
That's what's talking. That's what he

4 (2h 42m 13s):
Saying. That's what he's saying. The

3 (2h 42m 14s):
Pittsburgh. Hey. Much clear as that.

4 (2h 42m 16s):
I can barely hear anything

3 (2h 42m 17s):
These days. Me too. Me too.

28 (2h 42m 18s):
I'm just looking for Tide to do my impression again.

3 (2h 42m 21s):
What did he say to Schneiderman?

31 (2h 42m 25s):
Never last a day in Pittsburgh.

3 (2h 42m 28s):
Cabal. You do start talking slow sometimes.

28 (2h 42m 31s):
Well, I'm, I'm trying to enunciate 'cause everybody says I don't enunciate very well. I think,

5 (2h 42m 35s):
You know, it's Yeah,

3 (2h 42m 36s):
Yeah. We understand what you're saying. Yeah.

5 (2h 42m 37s):
Who says that? Always

28 (2h 42m 39s):
Everybody. Who's

5 (2h 42m 40s):
The most clown Who's besides you? Who's the most trusted source for Steelers information in the city?

3 (2h 42m 45s):
Oh, Mark Madden.

28 (2h 42m 47s):
I love Madden though. Who doesn't? Such a, who doesn't? I mean, he's such a weapon troll. You. got it.

3 (2h 42m 55s):
He's gonna love that. He

28 (2h 42m 56s):
Get people riled up. He does it on purpose.

3 (2h 42m 58s):
He's been doing it for 30 years. Yeah. He's great.

28 (2h 42m 59s):
Mean people.

3 (2h 43m 0s):
Former wcw.

28 (2h 43m 1s):
I mean, it's one, it's one of the few things. It's one of the things I get asked a lot. How is that Mark? Man? Is that really true? Yes, it is.

3 (2h 43m 9s):
What's that? Just,

28 (2h 43m 10s):
Just being a, you know what, Whoa no. Whoa. I tell them this. I tell them this, but fuck they, that's what they want to hear. They don't want to hear me.

3 (2h 43m 18s):
He's super genius. What's his tested iq? 1 66.

28 (2h 43m 22s):
1 66 66. Surprise. 1 6 6 66. One of Mario Lamu. Right. You think it,

3 (2h 43m 34s):
This is such an inside Pittsburgh conversation.

28 (2h 43m 36s):
Yeah. No. Everybody's tuned up.

3 (2h 43m 38s):
No, we got like 60,000 people watching, I guess on YouTube. And they just heard an inside Pittsburgh. Yes. What just happened right there? Yeah.

28 (2h 43m 44s):
People want to hear me say Madden's a jerk. So I. Just give 'em what they want. Okay. Well I I mean I'm, I

3 (2h 43m 51s):
I'm Mag love hearing that. I've read that. Of course. It's lazy sl.

28 (2h 43m 54s):
If if they want me to say, boy, you know, he's just really a nice guy. They're not gonna believe me. So I. Give him what they want.

3 (2h 43m 59s):
I'll tell you what we've gotten a chance to go see, I've known Mark mad since high school. He coached Nick Skate's, world ball hockey champion deal. Yeah, that's right. Gold medalist. And I've known him for a long, he knows basically every human in our orbit. He's been doing what he's been doing since I'm like 12, 10 years old. Seemingly. And he's still doing it. He's one of the only local radio people that have survived forever. Yes. Like, there's not a lot of them that'll survive. Mark Mann will be doing local radio in Pittsburgh forever. Yeah. And he's a, he's a weapon. Yeah. I think his, his mom or peace was like a debate coach. Yeah. Like, she was like a debate professor or a debate teacher or something like that.

3 (2h 44m 41s):
So literally since he's a kid, he's been taught the like, I can beat you. And he knows it. And he just is every day doing one of these. Just waiting as soon as you get. Yep. I'm smarter than you got him. Yeah, that's what I thought. He,

28 (2h 44m 56s):
He watched WrestleMania 30 at my house and my dog was licking him in the ear the whole time. So I. That's, I thought that was funny. What'd

3 (2h 45m 2s):
You eat for the other night? You eat it? I saw you tweet. Yeah. you

28 (2h 45m 5s):
Know what? That's just an inside joke to I, I, me and Dorin Dickerson and Adam Crowley on.

3 (2h 45m 11s):
That's more Pittsburgh.

28 (2h 45m 12s):
Yeah. More thing. Does

3 (2h 45m 13s):
Madden like Crowley?

28 (2h 45m 15s):
Yeah, I think so. He used to be his producer, I believe. Oh, okay. Good. At one point. So I

3 (2h 45m 18s):
Try to keep up with who he hates back there than he doesn't hate to know.

28 (2h 45m 21s):
Yeah. Yeah. He, well, anybody's Steelers related. He tends say is anyone who likes the Steelers normally? Anybody? Anybody. Oh. Any like blogger pirate blog. Oh, a do lock. Oh yeah. I think he likes dlac. I mean, how can't you like Jerry?

3 (2h 45m 34s):
What? Jerry? Yeah. You're

4 (2h 45m 35s):
More, you're talking about like the Philip Pony Express.

3 (2h 45m 37s):
Well, okay. Maybe

28 (2h 45m 39s):
He goes those the guys, the B team. I don't know. We don't, I don't, I don't get involved.

3 (2h 45m 43s):
We, that's their giving. Let's keep going deeper and deeper. Hey, that's their program. They're running over there. Are you, you're a big wrestling fan. Oh

28 (2h 45m 49s):
Yeah. Oh yeah.

3 (2h 45m 51s):
How do you feel about

28 (2h 45m 51s):
You? I went to, I went to WrestleMania 15 in Philly back in the 99. Not, not the best show ever, but I just do remember Hell Napole. I just remember Billy's best. I just remember Austin and Rock fought the champion. What was the old butter bean brawl for all with? Yeah. You remember that? Oh yeah.

3 (2h 46m 9s):
I Butter bean. Butter bean looked great. That back then did his thing. Did you see what the Rock did to Cody Rhodes last night?

28 (2h 46m 14s):
No, I did not. Oh my God. What? I was at the media party.

3 (2h 46m 18s):
You should have seen what Dwayne Johnson did to Cody Rhodes

4 (2h 46m 20s):
Last night. Yeah. Crazy. Oh, check it out. He

3 (2h 46m 23s):
Threw him off his own bus. He

4 (2h 46m 24s):
Did. Should have cut him open. Cut

3 (2h 46m 26s):
Him with blood. Blood all over the

4 (2h 46m 28s):
Place. Look at your hero. Chicago Sit that look

3 (2h 46m 30s):
At many times at

4 (2h 46m 30s):
You. I'm my roads.

3 (2h 46m 31s):
Yeah. Look at you. I'm a roads.

4 (2h 46m 32s):
Look what you've done.

3 (2h 46m 34s):
They ain't got a Cardillo weight belt. Put his blood on it.

4 (2h 46m 38s):
Real

28 (2h 46m 38s):
Blood. you know, I thought they weren't allowed to show blood anymore. What?

3 (2h 46m 41s):
Who said who

28 (2h 46m 42s):
Touching on Loud Blade anymore? What you

3 (2h 46m 44s):
Think? There's no blade. There's no

4 (2h 46m 46s):
No. He threw him into the tour bus. It's real fast. Yeah. Bashed his head off the door. Yeah. Okay.

28 (2h 46m 50s):
Okay. We're going back to old school here. I like it.

4 (2h 46m 52s):
You should have heard what he said. I like it. Wait, wait till you hear the audio. Come

28 (2h 46m 56s):
See. I don't have to.

3 (2h 46m 57s):
He said the word

4 (2h 46m 58s):
Fuck.

28 (2h 46m 59s):
Wow. They did. They beep it out. I heard

4 (2h 47m 2s):
It in the arena. It was, it was

3 (2h 47m 4s):
Hot. Well, here he is. Here he is. Look at ya. Smack him in the mouth. Yeah.

4 (2h 47m 9s):
Oh, look at your boy Mama Rose. Look. Look at, look at him now.

3 (2h 47m 13s):
Oh no. Look

4 (2h 47m 14s):
At your

28 (2h 47m 14s):
Hero. Do you remember when the Rock Bang Mc Foley over the head with the chair like 197 times? Did you

3 (2h 47m 21s):
Remember when the rock hit Ken Shamrock in the head with the chair one time? And. it is still echoing through that arena that it was. Yeah, I, yeah. Watching the Rock be all the way back is awesome.

4 (2h 47m 32s):
Oh yeah.

3 (2h 47m 33s):
I had AM shirt on last night. Fantastic. you know, just to pay tribute to the bloodline. I did not know the Rock was gonna be in the

4 (2h 47m 42s):
House. Who could've known

3 (2h 47m 43s):
Though? Zd Baby had that shirt. He was like, 'cause You know Roman res. you know you're tribal chief? Oh yeah. You acknowledge your tribal chief. Oh

28 (2h 47m 50s):
Yeah. You, I don't know him that well, but I'm more of a, I'm more of a Paul Hammond guy. Okay. Mark How you doing there? There you go.

4 (2h 47m 57s):
There you go. Here we

28 (2h 47m 58s):
Go. Paul Mond guy. But go ahead. Respect

4 (2h 48m 0s):
To the wise man,

3 (2h 48m 1s):
Our tribal chief and Hall of Fame Haman flew through a blizzard to get to our show in Iowa on Friday. So I was at the point where I'm, I'm not, I'm gonna bias anymore. No. Okay. This guy almost died. Getting to our show to talk to us. I am gonna kind of pledge my allegiance to the bloodline, but I didn't make that decision. Bingo.

4 (2h 48m 23s):
Amen

3 (2h 48m 23s):
Brother. Bingo. But I love cutting roads. I love Seth Freaking Rollins. I like see him punk. Jay, I like Drew McIntyre. I love Yee Jay uso. But just what they did for our program. I'm, I was there and Zeto goes, I got you. Look what? I just got And. it was a Versace shirt. I'm like, there it is. I'm wearing that. So Zito looks better in it than I do. But wrestling, WE is cooking right now. I mean, it is hot at cooking right now. Friday night should be absurd. Maybe get you getting a ring in Philadelphia. You know what?

28 (2h 48m 53s):
I used to be part of a promotion back in Manson, Pennsylvania back in the early nineties with, with my, my main man Powerhouse Hughes. And I was the commissioner and I got drilled over the head with a chair by Devil Budokon and Shirley Doe.

3 (2h 49m 8s):
Wow. Shirley Doe. She went unbelievable. Unbelievable.

7 (2h 49m 11s):
Hell.

3 (2h 49m 12s):
You're diner in scent. What was the name of the promotion? Do you remember?

28 (2h 49m 15s):
CWF

3 (2h 49m 16s):
Championship Wrestling Federation. Yes. Oh yeah. Diner.

28 (2h 49m 19s):
I got you real man. I got a new appreciation for for the chair shot. Yeah. Yeah.

3 (2h 49m 24s):
Hey, You can get another one of those in Philadelphia. Biggest WrestleMania of all time. Budokon

7 (2h 49m 28s):
Sounds like evil. Budokan Charlie

28 (2h 49m 30s):
Do Well Shirley Doe is just the mania. Was it

7 (2h 49m 32s):
WrestleMania 40? Yeah.

3 (2h 49m 34s):
Xl. Yep.

7 (2h 49m 34s):
Who won Super. Who won Super Bowl xl.

28 (2h 49m 37s):
Oh, Detroit, Michigan. Eh,

7 (2h 49m 39s):
Bossy way out.

3 (2h 49m 41s):
Who fumbled in the a c championship game?

28 (2h 49m 43s):
Oh, I have a story about that. Wasn't the A FC championship game, was it? It was the divisional game.

7 (2h 49m 48s):
Divisional And. then we played the Bronco.

3 (2h 49m 48s):
Sorry, sorry, sorry,

28 (2h 49m 49s):
Sorry. Yeah, I was, I was at that game and I was in the bows of RCA dome. So I didn't get to see it live. I was very upset. You didn't,

7 (2h 49m 57s):
You shouldn't. It was terrible. You didn't want too fucked

28 (2h 49m 59s):
Up. you know? 'cause we were there a couple months earlier for the Monday night game, which And it was impossible to get to the press box. To, to the, you know, downstairs. So I left early after Troy made the interception. Little did I know that Troy didn't make the interception. So I watched it all on tv. And the bows of the RCA was worst moment of my life.

3 (2h 50m 20s):
What the worst, worst moment you were like, how about when you tore both your Achilles,

28 (2h 50m 23s):
That was probably up there when

7 (2h 50m 24s):
You got the runaround.

3 (2h 50m 25s):
Yeah, I remember Steelers were giving you a runaround.

28 (2h 50m 28s):
They always gimme the runaround.

3 (2h 50m 29s):
What's that all about?

28 (2h 50m 30s):
Although, you know, I gotta give Mike Tomlin credit because when the, the Achilles were torn, he would hold up the press conference until I waddled off the hill and to the press.

3 (2h 50m 39s):
That's very kind to him

7 (2h 50m 40s):
Man. Although, although

28 (2h 50m 42s):
He passed me up on the golf court and said Hurry up.

7 (2h 50m 45s):
I'm like gimme a ride. That's what I'm saying. Coach t's always coaches Jump on the back Mark,

28 (2h 50m 54s):
Hurry up. Where's like 1870? What are you doing?

3 (2h 50m 59s):
Ka kbo. You're, yep. You're something special. Do you think Tomlin holds it against us? The way we covered the Mac Canna situation last year?

28 (2h 51m 7s):
Well

3 (2h 51m 8s):
What the fuck was that response? Kbo?

28 (2h 51m 10s):
No, he doesn't hold anything against anybody. I mean at least I At least he won't tell us. But that Nah, he's not gonna hold anything. Do you

3 (2h 51m 18s):
Remember they were chant to fire your pan in everywhere in Utah? Everywhere.

28 (2h 51m 22s):
Everywhere. Knew Penguins fans, penguin games. Yeah.

3 (2h 51m 24s):
And the capitol. Remember just like January 6th. Exactly. That's that guy's birthday. Yeah, that's right. His birthday's January 6th. Really? Yep. you know what that day were you there

7 (2h 51m 31s):
Mark? That's

28 (2h 51m 32s):
A couple weeks before. What were you doing

7 (2h 51m 33s):
There?

28 (2h 51m 34s):
January 6th. What year? I don't know.

3 (2h 51m 36s):
You know

7 (2h 51m 36s):
2021. What year was it? 2021.

3 (2h 51m 40s):
You know what year? Ka That's where he tore both his Achilles. Yeah.

7 (2h 51m 44s):
Sprinting up those stairs. Scaling the wall first. The first Achilles the defense. Yep. Trying to get the Lincoln test. The

28 (2h 51m 55s):
First Achilles was SoFi Stadium and they put me on a gurian. Was it raining?

7 (2h 51m 60s):
They literally put me through SoFi. I was so embarrassed. I was

28 (2h 52m 4s):
So embarrassed. Hold

7 (2h 52m 5s):
Did you,

3 (2h 52m 5s):
Did you drive you past the team was like Yeah, it was

28 (2h 52m 8s):
Right. It was right across from the Steeler's locker room. And this is how, this is how damnit

3 (2h 52m 12s):
It

28 (2h 52m 12s):
Was. This is where my mind was at this time. I'm thinking if I cover my face, nobody will see me as they're pushing me through the

4 (2h 52m 18s):
Steelers. How

3 (2h 52m 19s):
Many people are like, mark, you are Mark Tomlin sees you. Hurry up.

4 (2h 52m 24s):
Yeah. Waiting.

3 (2h 52m 25s):
That's

28 (2h 52m 26s):
Awesome. So I had to go to the ambulance. To the, to the emergency room. And Mr. The

3 (2h 52m 30s):
Did you sue SoFi?

28 (2h 52m 32s):
I saw last year.

3 (2h 52m 33s):
Sue. Sue. Sue.

28 (2h 52m 34s):
Oh Sue. I thought you said saw you could have

4 (2h 52m 36s):
Sued him.

3 (2h 52m 37s):
Hey Co Kellys

4 (2h 52m 38s):
Still can.

28 (2h 52m 39s):
All I did was take a steps through the one part of the stadium. Man.

3 (2h 52m 43s):
Whack. That was a liability though with they add that part of the stadium. Exactly.

4 (2h 52m 45s):
There's a whole little divot there. Yep.

28 (2h 52m 48s):
Maybe the owner of SoFi Stadium should be, get me some You. know Rudy Subs. I'll take some Rudy Subs. There you go.

4 (2h 52m 55s):
What,

3 (2h 52m 55s):
What type of sandwich? Let's say right after this, you know, maybe we're gonna have a little meal. Ooh, dream meal. No, it doesn't have to be a sandwich. Just dream meal. Right now we're sitting down. Holy shit. It's a Tuesday. Just got done with the league meetings. Anything is available. Great week. Anything is available. Mark, what are we going with? Meal?

28 (2h 53m 14s):
Well,

4 (2h 53m 15s):
Haven't eaten in a couple days.

28 (2h 53m 16s):
Well come on now.

3 (2h 53m 17s):
Alright. Since the morning.

28 (2h 53m 19s):
Be realistic.

4 (2h 53m 20s):
Breakfast,

28 (2h 53m 20s):
Be real. Be realistic. Since last,

3 (2h 53m 22s):
Since dinner the night before. Hour. Yeah. Maybe the night before dinner the night before. Night dinner. The night before you're

4 (2h 53m 26s):
Late. You don't get breakfast alone?

28 (2h 53m 28s):
No. You're on death row in your last meal day.

3 (2h 53m 30s):
There you go. There you go. Death row meal. There you go.

28 (2h 53m 33s):
You see I'm not going steak, although I love the steak, but I'm just gonna have to get myself a good pizza.

3 (2h 53m 37s):
Okay. From where in Pittsburgh, Dallas. Silos.

28 (2h 53m 41s):
Nah, I don't Pizza ever went there. Fur. Yours is up there. Furies is way up there. You know where You know what? My flight was delayed so many times coming here that I stopped at Betos Pizza on. You're not the Betos guy?

4 (2h 53m 52s):
No. 'cause they don't cook the cheese.

28 (2h 53m 55s):
I I come to the conclusion that's like a twice a year type of delicacy. Sure, sure. So I'm a good Betos. I big Vinny's down in Forest Hills. Forest Hills.

3 (2h 54m 3s):
Oh, I love Forest Hills. I don't think I've ever been to Vinny's. That's on me. What? Yeah, that's on me. Ever been to Vinny's? Yeah. I'd never been. I ate down sell pizza. That's what I ate. It was literally, I think it's every single pizza. Gimme

28 (2h 54m 13s):
A good pizza. I think it,

4 (2h 54m 14s):
It's the same Vinny's that was above 2 86.

3 (2h 54m 16s):
Oh, super greasy. Yeah. Up around the bend there. Yeah. Oh, I have had Vinny's

28 (2h 54m 20s):
Pizza. Yes. That, that's a good pie.

3 (2h 54m 21s):
That'll make you a dump. Gimme

28 (2h 54m 23s):
Good Sausage pie.

3 (2h 54m 24s):
Sausage. Extra cheese there.

28 (2h 54m 26s):
Oh, you can't, you can't have enough cheese. That's why I don't believe in like, pizza from Italy. Italy. Oh,

4 (2h 54m 32s):
Whoa, Italy. Hey cab, you said it. Pizza from Italy sucks. Don't even have chicken parm over there. Fucking you're Polish.

28 (2h 54m 42s):
No, no. I'm a half Italian actually. Okay.

3 (2h 54m 44s):
Oh, okay. Of course. He's from Pittsburgh, obviously

4 (2h 54m 47s):
Italy and,

3 (2h 54m 47s):
Okay, so we got sauce. I need, need

28 (2h 54m 48s):
Some extra cheese and some sausage. All

3 (2h 54m 50s):
Right. So we got a sausage,

28 (2h 54m 51s):
Spicy sausage maybe.

3 (2h 54m 52s):
Okay. Spicy sausage, extra cheese. We get any apps? No apps. Just pizza sides.

28 (2h 54m 58s):
I'm, I'm not much of an apps guy. I'm too cheap to buy $10 apps.

3 (2h 55m 1s):
No, this is death row. Everything's bad. Death

4 (2h 55m 2s):
Row. Okay. Fresh mo at L. It's on the government.

28 (2h 55m 6s):
Fresh mo around.

4 (2h 55m 8s):
Chili at is starting this new thing actually. What is it? Mozzarella rectangle.

3 (2h 55m 13s):
This is it. So you're eating a sausage pizza and dec So.

28 (2h 55m 15s):
I mean

4 (2h 55m 15s):
What? What are you drink? You drinking Pepsi? What do you want? Coke.

28 (2h 55m 18s):
You know I got my own drink. Like an Arnold Palmer type of thing. Oh yeah. What is it? But it is not alcohol. It is just like half werner's gingerella and half iced unsweetened iced tea. Ooh.

4 (2h 55m 29s):
Sounds

28 (2h 55m 30s):
Pretty good. Everybody look at me like Werner's ice, Werner's, Gingerella. They're like, what are you eating?

4 (2h 55m 33s):
Yeah, that's where you lost me. Close. Berners. All ginger is a Michigan ginger

28 (2h 55m 37s):
Diet. Ginger. Ginger too.

4 (2h 55m 38s):
Like syrup. It sucks. So

3 (2h 55m 40s):
You're putting Turner's

28 (2h 55m 41s):
Werners. I've only had good ginger and unsweetened iced tea together in the diet. Werner's ginger ale sweetens up the unsweetened iced tea and it's quite refreshing.

3 (2h 55m 52s):
Okay, so we got that right here. We got the sausage pizza with extra cheese right here and that's it. What about

4 (2h 55m 58s):
Dessert? Dessert? Yeah. Yeah. After you finish the pizza?

3 (2h 56m 0s):
Yeah, before you're dying.

4 (2h 56m 2s):
Last thing that you're gonna eat.

3 (2h 56m 3s):
Are you dipping a pizza and ranch?

28 (2h 56m 6s):
I, I mean it depends if the crust is big and thick like the vineyard. Okay, so

3 (2h 56m 10s):
We got ranch. Yeah, we got ranch.

28 (2h 56m 11s):
Okay. So. I. Not You. know people will look at you crazy need if I'm a big ranch guy. But I wouldn't do that. I'm just trying to think here. Dessert

4 (2h 56m 19s):
Chocolate, lava cake. Nah. C Dominoes.

3 (2h 56m 23s):
Have you ever had Domino's lava cakes?

4 (2h 56m 25s):
Nah. What about you? Mark's cake Mark, burger King, Hershey's, Sunday Pie. I

28 (2h 56m 32s):
Probably just take an old fashioned piece of birthday cake there. Go. Maybe on this way. It would be like the death cake

4 (2h 56m 37s):
Or something. I

3 (2h 56m 38s):
Dunno. Which, which cake though? What style of cake? Vanilla. What? Confetti.

4 (2h 56m 41s):
Dealer's. Choice.

28 (2h 56m 42s):
Confetti's. Not very underrated. Very

4 (2h 56m 44s):
Underrated. Oreo Blizzard. Ice cream

28 (2h 56m 46s):
Cake. you know what, anything? Reese's. Reese's Peanut. Buttercup. Reese's Pieces. Blizzard is tremendous. I agree. So. I. I would just go white cake, white icing, you know? Fine. I'm pretty racist. I'm racist. I'm pretty, I you know I'm from Pittsburgh.

3 (2h 56m 59s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Everybody relaxed. Pizza

4 (2h 57m 1s):
Cake. He said it.

3 (2h 57m 2s):
All right. We have a pizza. We have some ranch. There it is.

28 (2h 57m 6s):
Anny. That's the

3 (2h 57m 7s):
Vinny's. Yeah. That's a Vinny's Pizza.

28 (2h 57m 8s):
Somebody definitely on their game in the back. That's, see that's a Vinny's find

4 (2h 57m 13s):
Pizza.

28 (2h 57m 14s):
Pizza. That's what you use for the ranch.

4 (2h 57m 16s):
Oh wow. It looks like it's a journo. It's

3 (2h 57m 18s):
Not. I think we're, that looks

4 (2h 57m 19s):
Like bad pizza.

3 (2h 57m 21s):
Mark. We appreciate that. No help you

4 (2h 57m 22s):
Out out

3 (2h 57m 22s):
Here. Keep keeping us smart on the Steelers. We appreciate you ladies. Gentlemen from the athletic Mark. We'll help you out. You out?

4 (2h 57m 31s):
I'm good, I'm good.

3 (2h 57m 32s):
No, no. Mark. Don't Don

4 (2h 57m 34s):
Go. Don't go Don.

3 (2h 57m 36s):
Looks like he's on house arrest. Kind of 'cause it's on. On one side. Yep.

4 (2h 57m 40s):
Alright fellas. Secret bowls. All right, mark. Safe travels back to park. Mark. Mark. Back up.

3 (2h 57m 48s):
Look at that. This guy's fighting through pain.

4 (2h 57m 51s):
Geez. Bionic leg. Careful.

28 (2h 57m 55s):
Those can't be comfortable.

4 (2h 57m 56s):
What? Can't be comfortable. Not as comfy as those hocus.

3 (2h 58m 0s):
Yeah they are. I'm wearing HOAs with snakes. Skin around. Yeah.

4 (2h 58m 4s):
Whoa.

3 (2h 58m 5s):
That's

4 (2h 58m 5s):
Why I got it. That's genius. Pretty good. Pretty good. How? As good as that. Pretty good.

3 (2h 58m 10s):
All Thank you, mark.

4 (2h 58m 11s):
Done we'll. See you. Love you. Mark. Mark travel. We doing chicken fights? You think? Alright, mark, please. Yeah. He already

3 (2h 58m 18s):
Appreciate you,

4 (2h 58m 19s):
Mark. It's so rag All Schneider,

3 (2h 58m 21s):
We appreciate you Mark.

4 (2h 58m 22s):
Love you. Mark. Mark.

3 (2h 58m 25s):
God, that's a nice piece of home right

4 (2h 58m 27s):
There. Yeah, it's, it's nice.

3 (2h 58m 28s):
That's so funny. AJ, why are you pointing and laughing at a guy

4 (2h 58m 31s):
The whole time? I just, I respect his confidence as you should. I really do. How could you not? Whatcha talking about? He's awesome. King of the a castle baby. The

3 (2h 58m 42s):
Speaking of confidence ladies and gentlemen. A man has walked in taking his jacket off, kicked his little, little tiny shoes up. Size

4 (2h 58m 49s):
Fives,

3 (2h 58m 51s):
Garden. Comfortable. Ladies and gentlemen, are you allowed on Whoa? Hey ladies and gentlemen here.

4 (2h 59m 0s):
Rappaport Rap. Rap Whoa. Those shoe fancy shoes. aq. Those aq. Oh those are the aq. Those wrestling shoes. Yeah. What's going on? Hi Ian. What's up Brad Sheet How you doing? Hey guys. Wow. This guy. Why are you in a bad mood? Not too happy.

32 (2h 59m 22s):
I'm in a great mood. Not too

4 (2h 59m 23s):
Happy to be here. 30 minutes ole. That's

32 (2h 59m 26s):
Why. No, that was actually interesting. Yeah, he,

3 (2h 59m 29s):
I, yeah, I think that's potential. There you go. Yeah.

32 (2h 59m 30s):
Gotta lower this a little. This is,

3 (2h 59m 32s):
Well you understand? Yeah,

4 (2h 59m 33s):
He's six two, we get it.

32 (2h 59m 35s):
I mean we sing now, but yeah, I just, his food takes are ridiculous.

4 (2h 59m 40s):
Oh dude.

32 (2h 59m 42s):
Yeah. I don't like this. That

4 (2h 59m 44s):
Was bad. What? That was bad. What happened? That was bad. Hold on. That was very

3 (2h 59m 48s):
Rude. Dude,

32 (2h 59m 49s):
Can I, can I raise my seat up a little bit? You can do

3 (2h 59m 51s):
Whatever the hell you need here. Here. Want this one? It might

4 (2h 59m 53s):
Raise, it might not. I don't know. These chairs. Yeah, they're

32 (2h 59m 55s):
So when I used to do, when I covered Alabama, they would have a reporter come on and be like the guest host for his call in, show his like radio show And. it was always like kind of a cool thing. But very stressful because you'd sit there, you'd have to make small talk, he'd go like sign autographs, talk to fans, whatever. But you'd always be all the way down here and he'd always be all the

3 (3h 0m 16s):
Way out there. Well so we've had a couple people on the program before with the old set, which used to have a stage where my desk was and then people were sitting down And, we didn't design it. Oh yeah. Here we

4 (3h 0m 26s):
You

3 (3h 0m 26s):
Go. That's not gonna stay there probably. You're gonna get on it. And

32 (3h 0m 29s):
This is my regular size. It's fine. Go

4 (3h 0m 32s):
Ahead. You

3 (3h 0m 32s):
Good? You're doing great. Much

32 (3h 0m 33s):
Better. Thanks. Go ahead.

3 (3h 0m 34s):
Sweet Apple watch.

4 (3h 0m 37s):
Yeah,

3 (3h 0m 37s):
It's not on purpose that

4 (3h 0m 38s):
An insider

3 (3h 0m 39s):
Must Raheem Morris. I hate it. Actually said, I'm not gonna let you just stand in tower over top of me and this whole time. And I was like, I don't want think about that. I'm just trying to stay awake here. Okay. I'm trying to stay awake here. He was awesome. Yes. We talked to Ryan Polls. He was awesome. Kevin O'Connell. He was, I mean everybody we've talked to has been fantastic. Does everybody get along? Is that like these meetings, everybody just gets along and it's cool. And do you learn anything here that you're allowed to report on or is it just kind of like seeds for the future?

32 (3h 1m 8s):
A lot of seeds for the future. Although like this is actually the best time because everyone's in a good mood.

3 (3h 1m 13s):
Legit. That's what it is felt like

32 (3h 1m 15s):
Everyone's free agency. I am shrinking by the way. Yeah. I mean in real life but also in the chair. Yeah. Yeah.

3 (3h 1m 20s):
I'm sure that's

32 (3h 1m 21s):
What it's like us. Like if I go to, thanks, if I go to like the December meetings, half the place is like, oh God, a reporter. Like look at you. I'm literally shrinking as I'm talking about. Yeah.

3 (3h 1m 31s):
Are you? Yeah.

32 (3h 1m 32s):
I really am.

3 (3h 1m 33s):
Son of a bitch. It's going Don Don rap sheet. This

32 (3h 1m 37s):
Is so terrible.

3 (3h 1m 38s):
You don't look small at all though. Like if you look

32 (3h 1m 42s):
No. Am I now? I know this is your show. Am I allowed to stand up or you the

3 (3h 1m 46s):
Absolutely. Really? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So much better. See, look at that.

32 (3h 1m 50s):
So. I can also stay awake Now we're the No, I'm still short. I mean you're,

3 (3h 1m 54s):
I mean right.

32 (3h 1m 55s):
Even literally the same. Yeah.

3 (3h 1m 57s):
Yeah. Because you had an excuse with the chair before. Right

32 (3h 1m 59s):
Now it's like it is what it is.

3 (3h 2m 0s):
I don't lower third telling everybody,

32 (3h 2m 2s):
I took a picture with Deandre Hopkins 'cause he was here for the flag football stuff and all the responses like wow, he's much taller than I realized. I'm like, yeah, that's, that's me. Yeah.

3 (3h 2m 13s):
Well, well Haws a big son of he

32 (3h 2m 15s):
Too. I mean he's not like nine feet tall. Why are we, no, come on. That's not cool that

3 (3h 2m 19s):
We're all staying last hour cramp. Try and wake up a little. It's last hour.

32 (3h 2m 24s):
This is what it's like late nights, early mornings. By this time everyone's kind of like, ugh,

3 (3h 2m 27s):
Slap happy. See we're not miserable. We're slap happy. We got no sleep. We're on a plane last night. Did you see what the rock did to Cody Rhodes last night? Duh.

32 (3h 2m 37s):
Dude, I'm going to WrestleMania. I need to start reading up on this stuff. Yeah, I Are

3 (3h 2m 40s):
You going? Did you get your tickets? Isn't it already? Did you already get tickets?

32 (3h 2m 43s):
I've been told the tickets will be coming but I have not received them in my inbox. Well yeah, have

3 (3h 2m 48s):
An assistant that is, I mean I,

32 (3h 2m 49s):
People working for me.

3 (3h 2m 51s):
Okay. Rash.

32 (3h 2m 52s):
Metaphorically also action. Not

3 (3h 2m 53s):
Including Eros Getting your tickets for you.

32 (3h 2m 55s):
Yeah. ERO is not, he's at the pool right now waiting for me to

3 (3h 2m 59s):
Oh, okay. That's why you're chicken fight round two. Chicken fight. Chicken fight. Alright. What's the news we should know about? What's the news we should know about coming on here? So talk

32 (3h 3m 5s):
About like the sort of collecting news. So the Dak Prescott contract situation has always sort of been lingering and I kind of thought in my head that maybe they're gonna let 'em play it out. Like they're gonna let McCarthy play it out, talk to enough people here you kind of do enough background work and by the end of this I was able to report that basically where they are is the cowboys and Dak have an understanding that no offer is, or no contract extension is imminent. That basically he is set to play it out and play out the final year of his contract like McCarthy, which kind of paves the way for him to be a free agent next year. Which is sort of high stakes in fascinating and like it seemed to point in this direction because when they didn't get a deal done by a free agency, you knew like, alright, that would've been the time.

32 (3h 3m 52s):
But that's one of the things I learned here. And I think it kind of sets up for like a, one of the most interesting cowboy seasons we've seen, seen in a while. Hell.

3 (3h 3m 58s):
Yeah. A lot of dead cap we've heard. Yeah. If they are to move on 95 million allegedly.

32 (3h 4m 4s):
I don't know the actual number but I'm sure it's a lot. 'cause they kicked, they kind of kicked it down the road. But like

3 (3h 4m 8s):
Yeah, you kicked can down road

32 (3h 4m 10s):
A couple times, but you know there's ways you can pay it out kind of over the years. No, I mean obviously they would, best case is he leads him to a Super Bowl. They do an extension after the year. At some point it's, he gets an astronomical sum and everyone's happy. If it doesn't go like that, then it gets really, really interesting.

3 (3h 4m 26s):
Oh, the Dallas Cowboys are always really interesting. The, oh, especially with what we're learning about inside the building. you know they're, they watch people in a weight room as if they're zoo animals. That's right. Tours.

32 (3h 4m 35s):
Is that true?

3 (3h 4m 36s):
Well that's what we were told. And then it was taken as the entire building's a zoo And. then we almost burned a bridge with a tight end for the Houston Texans.

32 (3h 4m 44s):
Exactly. Oh this was the Schultz. Oh yeah. I didn't think his comments were bad. I mean

3 (3h 4m 47s):
That's taken outta context, which some people do on the internet making a career out of, taking things out of context actually of that. Yeah. Resting piss too if anything. Yeah. you know like those people,

32 (3h 4m 57s):
It's worse than ever. There's

3 (3h 4m 59s):
People making full careers out of it. But whenever you take that and then it just gets kind of bum bum bum bum bum. That just becomes the story of what was said And. it was like, he certainly said it was a zoo, but we were talking about the weight room at the exact time. Not the entire building, but their entire culture did get called into question a lot during that entire thing. Jerry Jones, he's still very active. We saw the notes he was taking the other day. Yeah. The notes still very, very active in the entire thing. How often is that conversation still had? Because I know publicly it's like Jerry Jones, as long as he's around they're never gonna win because the things like that, that's not how it is behind the scenes at these owners meetings. No, I don't look at those notes, dude.

32 (3h 5m 34s):
Oh my god. Great

3 (3h 5m 35s):
Nails. Yeah. Got a manicure. Very well manicured. Very well manicured.

32 (3h 5m 38s):
Please.

3 (3h 5m 40s):
You never know. Wrong

32 (3h 5m 42s):
Offenses. It's definitely a joke in there somewhere. Yep. What I appreciate, I do appreciate the doodling. I'm a big doodle. I do bubble letters is like kind my doodle and

3 (3h 5m 52s):
Nice. Oh okay. I get you.

32 (3h 5m 53s):
Yeah,

3 (3h 5m 55s):
I do houses, I always, I build houses. Do you? Yeah. But like, just like,

32 (3h 5m 59s):
You know, just a good one.

3 (3h 6m 1s):
Whenever you're on the show and you go to full screen on our show, you're doing

32 (3h 6m 4s):
Building houses?

3 (3h 6m 5s):
I'm drawing houses. Yeah. Just what it is. Just not

11 (3h 6m 8s):
I 3D squares. Yep. 3D cubes. Yeah. Cubes stars

32 (3h 6m 10s):
In there

3 (3h 6m 11s):
Trying. Yeah, we, we actually owe you a lot of credit because when you're on we find ourselves doing it the most. So we appreciate.

32 (3h 6m 16s):
See I knew I was good for something.

3 (3h 6m 18s):
Yeah, we, I wasn't sure

32 (3h 6m 19s):
Dood.

3 (3h 6m 20s):
Yeah, he's potentially trying to make it be draw an entire book. Yeah,

11 (3h 6m 23s):
We'll see. So, oh, this guy's not saying shit. I can go ahead and

3 (3h 6m 26s):
Just, yeah, this guy's not giving us any answers that

32 (3h 6m 27s):
I would say this in all seriousness, if you came out with a a doodle book, I would put it on my bookshelf. Oh yes. Wow. I wouldn't like read it or whatever, but shit.

3 (3h 6m 35s):
What you ever seat on NFL Plus?

32 (3h 6m 37s):
You sure would. Who

3 (3h 6m 38s):
Else would Whoa

11 (3h 6m 39s):
On the insiders?

32 (3h 6m 40s):
Yep, sure would.

3 (3h 6m 41s):
Yeah, sure would. But Jerry Jones still mover and shaker here. So

32 (3h 6m 45s):
He is still very involved but he hasn't like, I mean he is the boss, don't get me wrong, he's the boss. But day to day football decisions, it is Steven Jones and it's Will McClay and that's been like that for years. And so like I know the Cowboys, this is like for some reason frustrated me 'cause I feel like people don't have a good understanding of like how it actually is. The Cowboys franchise has had the stereotype or whatever of being like wild, big spending crazy contracts. Like they draft, well they signed their own guys like this, this off season. Like they're gonna try to get a CD extension. They may try to get a Micah Parsons extension, like they're gonna try to spend on their own guys. There's nothing wild or crazy about that. But it's not Jerry kind of just doing whatever.

32 (3h 7m 26s):
But I will say this like what Dalton Schultz said about the culture, like people being around, just the amount of people who have access and are around that is all true. So to be a member of the Cowboys, you have to be okay or like to be head coach of the Cowboys. Jason Garrett was always very good at this. You have to be okay with

3 (3h 7m 46s):
Meet and greets happening potentially a lot to an office.

32 (3h 7m 48s):
A lot of meet and greets. So you

3 (3h 7m 49s):
Gotta be a cowboy. Yes. But also they're dealing with distractions nobody else is dealing with. No. you know, so that's could be considered a distraction but also could be considered an asset I guess. Right.

32 (3h 7m 58s):
Also more publicity than if you are on the Cowboys. You become more famous than at any other point.

3 (3h 8m 3s):
Agreed. You're gonna be on national television because of the amount of say that we thought Jerry Jones had. But it may be Jerry Jones, just the one that's eating all the bullets for his kid who's doing all these things.

32 (3h 8m 13s):
Possibly. But,

3 (3h 8m 14s):
Well, yeah, it feels like that's part of the case. Conman's got a question for you, right?

4 (3h 8m 17s):
Yeah. Chefy. Oh, excuse

3 (3h 8m 18s):
Me. Oh, oh no,

4 (3h 8m 21s):
I'm so sorry. Oh, I'm so sorry.

32 (3h 8m 25s):
You know what?

4 (3h 8m 26s):
You know what? I didn't see that coming.

32 (3h 8m 27s):
You know what? That's okay. Oh shit. I don't hold it against you or nothing against him. Don't hold it against you. Wow.

4 (3h 8m 33s):
Sorry about that. Is that a compliment rap sheet? It's a compliment. I

32 (3h 8m 37s):
Apologize. I mean he's done it very, if we called

4 (3h 8m 39s):
Chefy Rapaport he'd say thank you very much.

3 (3h 8m 41s):
I He's been doing it 35 years. How many years you've been doing?

32 (3h 8m 43s):
Not as many. Okay.

4 (3h 8m 44s):
Alright.

32 (3h 8m 46s):
Not insult that. Not insulted by That's okay.

3 (3h 8m 49s):
You, you

4 (3h 8m 50s):
Shouldn't be. You shouldn't be. It was a compliment, you know? Sure. It's not no Ill intent. I

32 (3h 8m 54s):
Apologize. I not, not not even joking. I actually, because it does happen and I'm like, it's happened for years and it's sort of like

4 (3h 9m 2s):
Whatever It is what it is. Was

3 (3h 9m 3s):
That so cool? What you just did that was so cool. What you used do feels like something, whatever. Fuck

4 (3h 9m 9s):
No.

3 (3h 9m 9s):
It's true. I got these cool shoes on. Yeah. Can you kick one of those shoes up here? Let see.

32 (3h 9m 13s):
Do you want me to take it off or? Yeah. Yeah.

4 (3h 9m 14s):
Take them both off. No, just put your leg up.

3 (3h 9m 16s):
No. Well if you could, could you get your leg up? Look at these shoes. Whoa

4 (3h 9m 19s):
Rap. Rap Sheets says rap sheet on. Got your kids on there too. That's pretty sweet man. You did that.

32 (3h 9m 24s):
Hell they we went to Venice and they had an artist draw on it. In Europe,

4 (3h 9m 28s):
In Italy.

32 (3h 9m 29s):
Venice in Europe. Not California. Oh

4 (3h 9m 31s):
The Big Venice. But

32 (3h 9m 32s):
The real actual Venice. Italy. Italy.

4 (3h 9m 34s):
Italy. Are those waterproof?

32 (3h 9m 36s):
Nope. Sure. Not Ven.

3 (3h 9m 38s):
Those are really nice. Venice does

4 (3h 9m 39s):
A lot of water so when you're

3 (3h 9m 40s):
Walking around people poop

4 (3h 9m 42s):
On there.

3 (3h 9m 42s):
You got poop on. You

4 (3h 9m 43s):
Got some, you got a little bit of poop on there.

3 (3h 9m 45s):
Thanks for putting it on our

4 (3h 9m 46s):
Desk. That's fine. That's some bad luck.

32 (3h 9m 48s):
It's fine. Nothing happened. It's fine. Clorox,

3 (3h 9m 50s):
You look really cool. Is that a big part of the jaw?

32 (3h 9m 54s):
It's just natural for me. It's just been like

3 (3h 9m 56s):
That. Yeah. Last night I heard it was a big booze bag of it. You you hit home runs last night. There

32 (3h 10m 0s):
Was a lot. There was some. Definitely some. Some booze.

3 (3h 10m 3s):
Oh yeah. What were you drinking last night? What?

32 (3h 10m 6s):
I was drinking light beer. Just for sustainability? Yeah,

3 (3h 10m 9s):
For

4 (3h 10m 10s):
A little bit.

3 (3h 10m 10s):
In a glass. In a can Glass. Oh yeah. No pack. Ice cold. Need it.

32 (3h 10m 15s):
You know what they do. Bottle only bottle. And you know what they do but napkin

3 (3h 10m 18s):
Around it so it's fancy.

32 (3h 10m 20s):
I I will say no napkin. You're

3 (3h 10m 22s):
Drinking no

32 (3h 10m 23s):
Fruit. Glass bottle, no napkin. Yes. Glass bottle.

3 (3h 10m 25s):
You're not drinking glass?

32 (3h 10m 27s):
No. A bottle.

3 (3h 10m 28s):
It's

4 (3h 10m 29s):
Very nice out of a glass. If you've ever done

32 (3h 10m 31s):
It, it's the same and no.

3 (3h 10m 33s):
What about uk?

32 (3h 10m 34s):
You are you a napkin guy? Don't tell me you're a napkin. I'm not a a napkin guy but I like, I don't want my hand to get wet by God forbid.

4 (3h 10m 39s):
No, someone offers me a glass though. I will absolutely take a

32 (3h 10m 41s):
Frosty frosty over a frosty mug. Absolutely.

3 (3h 10m 44s):
So they didn't have those at the NFL party last night.

32 (3h 10m 46s):
I declined. No frosty mugs.

3 (3h 10m 48s):
Okay, so you had your beer bottles and then you'd take a shot every once in a while with some

32 (3h 10m 53s):
Personal shots. The bathroom, no shots. No shots. No

3 (3h 10m 55s):
Mixed drinks.

32 (3h 10m 56s):
No mixed drinks. What

4 (3h 10m 57s):
Was the event that caused you to never be able to drink hard booze again?

3 (3h 11m 1s):
Yeah, something happened. What'd you do? I

32 (3h 11m 4s):
Hard booze sometimes, but at work events, sometimes hard booze. I dunno if you guys know this, but you can drink more than maybe you want sometimes. Sure. Really. And there's a reaction that's not exactly the professional thing you want

3 (3h 11m 17s):
Show. For some people it is a hilarious reaction. you know some people are allergic to hard booze and what happens is they just become the most hysterical human on earth. For instance, for our drunk friend over here, Ty, that is the one of the Certainly

4 (3h 11m 30s):
Not

3 (3h 11m 30s):
Allergic to it. Yeah, well exactly. Who knows? Ty has a couple drinks. It becomes more of a PED. It is. Yeah. It is a PED. Yeah, I agree. Anyways, you had a question for Chef. Yeah.

4 (3h 11m 41s):
Anyways, my question. So right now, McCarthy's the hot name, I mean you got the top three guys. Daniels Williams. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And then McCarthy

32 (3h 11m 49s):
McCart. Yeah.

4 (3h 11m 50s):
Yeah, he, he's skyrocketing enough kinda

32 (3h 11m 52s):
Of feels like that. Yeah.

4 (3h 11m 53s):
Be because of that. And maybe this is because of what happened last year. I am viewing McCarthy as like Will Levi And that the fact that everyone's talking about him. And last year Levi was that guy that everyone talked about. Like I believe he went and became the favorite to be the number four overall pick to the Colts at one point. Because of that our team's like more interested in Bo Nicks in Michael Pennix. And they're not talking about it. Or are there concerns with Bo Nicks and Michael Pennix because of the McCarthy Skyrocket.

32 (3h 12m 20s):
So first of all, I would say I don't know where they're gonna go. But the sense I get, the sense is Pennix probably before Nick's. And I don't like generally the way it works in the quarterback world besides Levi

3 (3h 12m 35s):
Journalism.

4 (3h 12m 36s):
Show the camera. Sorry.

3 (3h 12m 38s):
You did have a text open. I saw it.

32 (3h 12m 40s):
I missed a call and of something I'm waiting on. Oh shit.

3 (3h 12m 52s):
To meet the mics. Well,

4 (3h 12m 53s):
I mean, yeah, you gotta stand right there And I, Danny here, hold on. I got get a side for the meat

3 (3h 12m 57s):
Shipment coming in. You see Schulte over there? Little latte. What? Oh,

4 (3h 12m 59s):
What's

3 (3h 12m 60s):
Up Shul Schulte's on the Schulte does not have this one. Schulte did have Ridley. He

4 (3h 13m 4s):
Did. Yes he did. And the Sneed contract. Jerry Snee job. Schultze. I beg Schulte Schulte. No lie. You've been killing it.

3 (3h 13m 13s):
We gotta, hold on. He's breaking news right

4 (3h 13m 14s):
Now. Maybe Uhoh no belt.

3 (3h 13m 19s):
Oh this guy sucks. No

4 (3h 13m 20s):
News yet. Yikes. Are you kidding me? Why no news yet? Is it? 'cause they division call someone else. What division pick up?

32 (3h 13m 25s):
No.

4 (3h 13m 25s):
What division?

32 (3h 13m 28s):
I'm, I'm not gonna tell you what conference. What conference? I'm not gonna tell you what conference

3 (3h 13m 31s):
It was a FC North.

4 (3h 13m 32s):
Oh, okay. Nice. Boom.

3 (3h 13m 34s):
I You shouldn't shown me your phone.

4 (3h 13m 36s):
What if I told you I knew the news? Oh,

32 (3h 13m 39s):
You probably do.

4 (3h 13m 39s):
I think I do. Yeah.

3 (3h 13m 40s):
Well what the fuck are you here for?

32 (3h 13m 44s):
Actually a great question. I was kinda wonder, I wandered in here. I thought this was the coffee room and then I saw you guys were

3 (3h 13m 49s):
Like, we're thankful you stopped by rap. This is good to see you. You're gonna the pool radar.

32 (3h 13m 53s):
I might get a get a Peloton and then pool.

3 (3h 13m 55s):
Oh, okay. We're gonna have to do something. Is there like a diner in this hotel?

32 (3h 14m 1s):
This is like, I'm not, no, I'm not gonna make a joke about diners. Sorry. There several

4 (3h 14m 6s):
Whoa. No, what were gonna say about what gotta say about

32 (3h 14m 8s):
Diners. I

3 (3h 14m 9s):
Don't do what you're about to do.

32 (3h 14m 11s):
Support diners, however.

4 (3h 14m 13s):
No,

32 (3h 14m 13s):
No. However, I mean it's ridiculous. The menu's like nine pages long and like how could every food be like fresh if there's so many pages? Oh, so you

3 (3h 14m 20s):
Hate Cheesecake Factory issue

4 (3h 14m 22s):
A cheese factory. You're and

32 (3h 14m 23s):
That many half Ridiculous.

4 (3h 14m 26s):
It's Johnny Rockets the best.

32 (3h 14m 28s):
Johnny Rockets

4 (3h 14m 30s):
Whoa. What was that about?

3 (3h 14m 32s):
What's your death Romeo? Yep. We just heard Cabos. It was a sausage pizza from Benny's with ranch dressing. I

32 (3h 14m 38s):
Would say con confetti cake. It

4 (3h 14m 39s):
Would Vanilla under

3 (3h 14m 41s):
Vanilla. He said

32 (3h 14m 42s):
That's more offensive than

3 (3h 14m 43s):
Underrated. Confetti cake is underrated.

32 (3h 14m 47s):
That was good. P that No, that is good pizza by the way. Dessert. Dessert would be carrot cake, not confetti.

3 (3h 14m 53s):
Carrot cake's not

4 (3h 14m 53s):
Bad. Okay. Right before you die you might as well just kill yourself before the carrot cake.

32 (3h 14m 57s):
If I'm going, I'm going. It's fine. Carrot. Carrot cake. Carrot cake's.

3 (3h 14m 60s):
Good. Carrot

4 (3h 15m 1s):
Cake is not your death row. Dessert's. That's the

32 (3h 15m 3s):
Best dessert

3 (3h 15m 4s):
There is. Look at this guy

4 (3h 15m 5s):
Best. It's close.

32 (3h 15m 6s):
Yeah, his carrot cake's. Great. Sure.

4 (3h 15m 8s):
You're not even having Pez just eating a bunch of

32 (3h 15m 10s):
Pez pe I I could have Pez actually.

3 (3h 15m 12s):
Yeah. Sprinkled on the carrot cake.

4 (3h 15m 14s):
Maybe. Dressed up as a cheeseburger. What's

3 (3h 15m 16s):
The meal? Pizza?

32 (3h 15m 18s):
I think Gumbo or a two Fe

4 (3h 15m 21s):
Cajun. What's that? What a bad pick. Tufe.

32 (3h 15m 25s):
I I'm support the like that Your

3 (3h 15m 26s):
Meal.

32 (3h 15m 26s):
Yeah, gumbo. Gumbo would probably be

4 (3h 15m 29s):
Up the diarrhea around you after the electrocution.

32 (3h 15m 31s):
Oh no, no. Could be

4 (3h 15m 32s):
A messy cleanup. What's

3 (3h 15m 34s):
A two fe? What is that?

32 (3h 15m 35s):
It's another Cajun delicacy that's ate

4 (3h 15m 38s):
Crawl Dad. That's what they ate. Craw dad. That's what they ate at the odd of March. Love that.

3 (3h 15m 41s):
Craw. The,

4 (3h 15m 42s):
Yeah. Crawfish cr.

3 (3h 15m 43s):
The twist sucked the head. What

4 (3h 15m 44s):
Are you drinking?

32 (3h 15m 45s):
No. Ooh. Could be anything. All

4 (3h 15m 48s):
Of it. Last drink You're ever gonna

32 (3h 15m 49s):
Have last drink ever? I would say. Oh man. Probably some old Weller. Something like that. Yeah, me

3 (3h 15m 56s):
Too. We have a to fe.

32 (3h 15m 59s):
No, that's lovely. Look at that. That

3 (3h 16m 1s):
Is pretty lovely. I'd like white rice. That's like an appetizer, right? That's an appetizer. No. Do

32 (3h 16m 4s):
You? It's an appetizer. I mean that was a small portion. I would need a bigger portion, but

3 (3h 16m 9s):
Of course you would. Yeah. Hey, tailored suit. That's why we don't have the belt on.

32 (3h 16m 14s):
Oh no. Well belt makes me look short. So, I gotta Oh

3 (3h 16m 18s):
It's the belt. It's the

32 (3h 16m 18s):
Belt.

3 (3h 16m 19s):
Okay, got it. Allegedly. Thanks for clearing it up. Allegedly. Any news coming soon? You said you're working on something. Obviously something has to be coming. Wait on something. What is it? Free agency draft mail.

32 (3h 16m 28s):
It's, yeah, it's a free agent.

3 (3h 16m 30s):
Ooh,

32 (3h 16m 30s):
There is one been talked about out there. Odell Beckham.

3 (3h 16m 35s):
Oh he's, there's a lot of being talked about him a lot. His genetics. What's

4 (3h 16m 39s):
Going on with friends?

3 (3h 16m 41s):
Whoa?

32 (3h 16m 41s):
I don't know, but I got a couple texts this morning where I'm like, I need to, I need to look into the Diddy situation. I need more information. You don't? No you don't. No, I do. I not,

3 (3h 16m 52s):
I don't think so. Stick. Stick to football. You can stick to football. It feels like there's a potential. It could be that bad. Just like a house cards feels like what a lot of people are saying on the internet. How could it be that bad? This is cool. Yeah. Just 'cause the amount of potential connections and stuff that could come from this. The Feds get involved is wild. Yeah. That was all kind of unfolding while Raw was taking place. It was, yeah. I looked down on my phone and I think it's like some cocker celebrity account. Feds raiding Diddy's house. It's like that's real deal. Multiple houses. That's Yeah. In LA and Miami. Taking people out. Cops. Cops taking dudes out like this. What? Yeah, kids guy sitting on the ground in cuffs out of the house. And then obviously people are talking about how many trash cans he had in one particular house and

4 (3h 17m 29s):
His neighbors coming out

3 (3h 17m 30s):
Of the

32 (3h 17m 31s):
Driveway. Well how many is two trash is too many trash cans.

3 (3h 17m 33s):
He had nine trash cans. Four recycling bins. He's fine. He should just have a dumpster. But yeah. Yeah. Dumpster's the best move I think because I don't only living by their rules. I gotta have it out by Monday morning. Well what if I'm not ready Monday morning? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So dumpster's a good move if you can. Denton allegedly his plane was trying to get, I mean there's a lot going on with that. So if you could get to the bottom of that would be great. But Odell Beckham Jr. Is a good conversation piece about the free agency and also safety. Yeah. Yeah. What's his name? Simmons. Justice Simmons. There's a, he's a big one too. There's a couple big name free agents.

32 (3h 18m 5s):
Sort of get to the point now where it's like you get a little closer to the draft and either teams will wanna, there you go. Teams will wanna like fill holes and so they don't have to reach in the draft. So like usually deals don't get done. Now usually they get done closer to the draft when like there's sort of a point where they have to get done. But that's a pretty decent list right there. Yeah,

3 (3h 18m 24s):
Yeah, yeah. It's not your board but it's our board. It's a good board. Yeah, it's a good board. A lot of good players on there. I assume

32 (3h 18m 29s):
So Kyle Van Noy know the Ravens wanna bring him back. It's friend of the friend of the show. Right.

3 (3h 18m 33s):
Okay. Kyle Van Noy potentially coming back to the Ravens. I think he reported that in the q and a on the internet last night while waiting for a plane. Okay.

32 (3h 18m 39s):
Did he? Michael Thomas. Michael Thomas Might take a minute.

3 (3h 18m 43s):
No interest.

32 (3h 18m 44s):
Why he called a reporter. A garden tool on Twitter. aco

4 (3h 18m 48s):
A ho.

3 (3h 18m 48s):
A ho a hoe.

32 (3h 18m 49s):
Yeah. The garden tool. No,

3 (3h 18m 51s):
No. It wasn't a garden tool. Different

32 (3h 18m 53s):
Kind of hoe. No, he said HOE. That's the garden tool.

3 (3h 18m 57s):
Okay. So this is what you reporters are doing.

32 (3h 18m 58s):
No, I'm saying that's

3 (3h 18m 59s):
How you guys spin it. You

32 (3h 19m 1s):
Guys do the other one is what? Pretty offensive. What was

4 (3h 19m 3s):
The other one? How do you spell that? Like Santa Claus says,

3 (3h 19m 5s):
Well, wouldn't wouldn't a garden tool the hoe be the worst one to be described as. Wouldn't you wanna be like a shovel or something Anyways, you kind of did take a garden tool

32 (3h 19m 12s):
Shot at. Yeah, no, that's fair. I would agree with that hose. I mean, yeah, shovel would be the plural. The shovel would be what you want to be

3 (3h 19m 18s):
Hatch it or an X. Yeah. So if we're just talking about it being a garden tool, if that's how you guys are gonna angle it like still not a good garden toward

32 (3h 19m 25s):
Way down. Definitely agree with that. Okay. Shears

4 (3h 19m 28s):
Would be

32 (3h 19m 28s):
The one. But like for him,

4 (3h 19m 29s):
Dynamic

3 (3h 19m 30s):
They are, yeah,

32 (3h 19m 32s):
Big. She like the like Brutus, beefcake, shears. Those

3 (3h 19m 35s):
Aren't bad. Those are a lot

32 (3h 19m 36s):
Of work. I used to want those. I

3 (3h 19m 37s):
These one man. These ones are real weapon

4 (3h 19m 39s):
Bingo. Pruning shears. Yep. Pruning.

3 (3h 19m 41s):
Pruning shear. Because you just gotta

4 (3h 19m 44s):
Use it to cut chicken too. Gimme a space

32 (3h 19m 46s):
Shovel all day long. Ss big, big kitchen scissors guy. Yes, me

3 (3h 19m 50s):
Too. It is game changer. Changed

4 (3h 19m 51s):
My

3 (3h 19m 51s):
Life. It is the best thing of all time. Yes. People need to stop using knives. Amen. Start using scissors. Knives

4 (3h 19m 57s):
Are for stabbing. Scissors are for chicken. We've been saying that for a long time. Yeah.

3 (3h 20m 2s):
Is there gonna be any of that didn?

32 (3h 20m 3s):
Knives are for stabbing. That's the best

4 (3h 20m 5s):
Meat

32 (3h 20m 5s):
To smoke. So why doesn't that get,

4 (3h 20m 9s):
Oh who? Oh who is it?

32 (3h 20m 11s):
Is it Don? No, that was Pel. That was Pel. I mean, you never know. We text that was Pel asking, hurry up

4 (3h 20m 16s):
Mr.

32 (3h 20m 17s):
He asking if we should change our dinner reservation for tonight. 'cause we're offsite and he wants to be on site.

3 (3h 20m 22s):
Oh, so a diner on site.

4 (3h 20m 23s):
Thought your pina colada healthy. They don't have to drive,

3 (3h 20m 26s):
You know You know. You tell Tom er that everything that comes outta the NFL doesn't mean it's like the greatest thing of all time.

32 (3h 20m 34s):
Do you, what do you feel like the new kickoff, you're good or not good?

3 (3h 20m 37s):
I, I inevitably got sold on it because I was told that we kinda have to have to, or they're gonna take the kick

32 (3h 20m 42s):
Out for the game. That's probably right.

3 (3h 20m 44s):
Yeah. Which is I think all the special teams', people's feelings like all right, we gotta be on board. 'cause if not, it's gonna be gone. I think them changing from 35 to 30 was a bad decision. We're just gonna get touchback still.

32 (3h 20m 53s):
You don't think that'll make a difference?

3 (3h 20m 55s):
I don't think so. Darren Rizzi said he thinks 25 50% more returns, which is another 800, 900 plays. Which is a K.

32 (3h 21m 3s):
That's awesome.

3 (3h 21m 4s):
Yeah. So he, there's definitely improvements I think coming. But the tinkering of it for a year, I think it'll be good.

32 (3h 21m 10s):
I kinda liked how they literally empowered the special teams coaches to be like, all right, like figure it out. Figure this out. And, that's, I mean, and they picked like two of the,

3 (3h 21m 18s):
They were all pissed off about the fair catch thing and Roger's like, all right, you're pi. Figure it out then. And then you know, they go to work. And I appreciate that as well.

32 (3h 21m 26s):
I like that. Who

4 (3h 21m 27s):
Is that? Oh look, he didn't put it down. He needs to be all,

3 (3h 21m 30s):
All back. We'll see. Let's get some food after this. All because our plane is taking off a few hours.

32 (3h 21m 35s):
Oh, is that Delta or us? US Airways or

4 (3h 21m 39s):
Alaska this time.

32 (3h 21m 40s):
Alaska is that? Yeah. Bill Jet JetBlue.

4 (3h 21m 43s):
Oh yeah. Bill Airways. Bill Air

3 (3h 21m 45s):
Bill re be. He's got a fu Manchu mustache.

4 (3h 21m 49s):
Started on his own, built his plane.

3 (3h 21m 52s):
Maybe talking about building other planes. It's gonna be a rocky flight.

4 (3h 21m 56s):
What does that

3 (3h 21m 56s):
Mean? Every flight?

4 (3h 21m 58s):
Yeah.

3 (3h 21m 59s):
I have not been on a plane in the last three months where I haven't been told hey, gonna be some shit. Maybe

32 (3h 22m 5s):
A little turbulence.

3 (3h 22m 6s):
Yeah. But then there, then there isn't. And it's like I immediately go, Hey, thank you. So like they're setting the, they're the only ones that know the information.

32 (3h 22m 13s):
That's actually a great move.

3 (3h 22m 14s):
Bingo. Great move. That's

32 (3h 22m 15s):
So guys, unless I pull off something crazy. Bingo. This is gonna be like this.

3 (3h 22m 19s):
Yeah. And I have no clue. I'm just like, yeah, thank you for getting us here because Yeah, no problem.

4 (3h 22m 23s):
I'm a

3 (3h 22m 23s):
Great pilot. Every flight is pretty much good. Yes. But like going into it, it's like, hey, we're gonna be about an hour into this and it's gonna feel like we're gonna fall outta the sky. Aggressive

32 (3h 22m 32s):
Takeoff. It's gonna be like

3 (3h 22m 33s):
We're taking this nose right to the moon. Okay. Whenever we get outta here. 'cause the way the wind is and then all of a sudden it's like the smoothest takeoff, So I immediately, Hey that's good off.

32 (3h 22m 41s):
Are you guys, so they land and everyone claps or you kind of like you land and you're like, alright, you did your

3 (3h 22m 47s):
Job. Every time I say great, I say great landing every single time. Even if it's not, which there have been somewhere. It feels like they're trying to put the plane through the ground instead of landing on the ground. But that wind is wind. That's

32 (3h 22m 60s):
Fair.

3 (3h 23m 0s):
It's better than walking wind. It's much better than whenever they're using a fucking horse and buggy back in the day.

32 (3h 23m 6s):
Trail train, train,

3 (3h 23m 7s):
Train seems like that could be pretty relaxing. But boy, when they started robbing those trains, that had to be tough. That'd be very scary. You're just like a sitting duck. Unless

32 (3h 23m 15s):
You're the robber, in which case you get all the money. Well

3 (3h 23m 17s):
It depends on how fast your horse is. If I do recall, you gotta have a smart fast horse to be able to rob a bank or a train back in the day

4 (3h 23m 23s):
One. That can kind of be cool under pressure too. 'cause you gotta get off that horse. That horse can't move when it's hearing

3 (3h 23m 28s):
Gunshots. No. That thing's gotta keep running. Yeah.

4 (3h 23m 30s):
I gotta run with the train. Oh okay. I was

3 (3h 23m 31s):
That thing's gotta keep running with I think an

4 (3h 23m 33s):
Operation. Stop train.

3 (3h 23m 34s):
No, 'cause I'm, you know, shouldn't do it.

4 (3h 23m 39s):
So you're riding next to now You. got it.

3 (3h 23m 41s):
I can tell you I don't

32 (3h 23m 42s):
Know this. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

3 (3h 23m 44s):
I don't know this horse. Oh geez. But you're riding I think alongside train. Oh my God. And you jump off into train.

4 (3h 23m 51s):
Horse has to run. Then you get your money. Yep. Horse. Yeah. Has still keep going. And then you,

32 (3h 23m 57s):
If he goes down, am I catching him or what's the move? Are you catching me?

3 (3h 24m 1s):
115 pounds? Come

4 (3h 24m 2s):
Jump, jump, jump, jump. He's caving your head in. He can get you. This is, we'll catch him Brad, catch him. Oh my God. Get ready. Rap

32 (3h 24m 12s):
You know. I would, I would not catch it. I would be, I would take it. I would wear it. There

4 (3h 24m 16s):
You go. Your your brains would be painting

32 (3h 24m 18s):
The wall. I'd the tape. I'd be the tape smashing.

3 (3h 24m 20s):
Mean I'd flat bump here. You'd have a nice smooth fall. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Smooth fall. I'd move. It would be, we'd probably do a little swan to Yep. Right on you. My back would hit you right in the jaw. Yep. And. we would just go down on the ground together. And. we call it a day like we're about to do right now. Yep. You're the man rep. Thank you for everything.

4 (3h 24m 40s):
Oh Jesus. I don't feel bad anymore. Why don't

3 (3h 24m 43s):
Shake hands with anyone? That

33 (3h 24m 44s):
Was awesome. Yeah, just, just leave it. Walk off. Just leave it wrap. That's all I got.

3 (3h 24m 50s):
Watch my horse please. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen. Boy And. that was really good rap. All right, last person before we leave. This is why we came. This is it. Yeah. This is what you play for. Yeah. Ladies, gentleman from bleach report the SHO report. He's on it.

34 (3h 25m 16s):
He's got

3 (3h 25m 16s):
It always. He's on it. Yep. Some call him a little latte. 'cause his relation to the Starbucks company, which Starbucks is very successful. Yeah. Love it. Starbucks like, I think either 'cause I think Subway had it for a while and I think Starbucks passed him for most in the world. Yep. Yeah. So worth a lot worth. You're you're paying nine bucks for a Yeah. Regular as coffee. Small coffee. Right. But people are doing it 'cause it's cool. This guy directly benefited from that with his family. Correct. And instead of just kicking his feet up and sucking down $14 lattes while trying to build a Starbucks brand, he decided to become a fucking insider. Yeah. Which means you're on your phone all day, every day.

3 (3h 25m 58s):
You're missing everything. But you're also down at the annual league meetings. Yep. Ladies and gentlemen, it is an honor. Jordan Schultz.

14 (3h 26m 6s):
Schultz

3 (3h 26m 15s):
Jogging. He's talking big hugs. Big hugs. We hug you. We hug you. We did not know Schultz. He was here. Everybody thank God. Thought. Thought. We're potentially heading out here. But we see Schultz. We got talk. Yeah.

34 (3h 26m 29s):
You got Schultz. Yeah.

3 (3h 26m 30s):
Schultz. I'm gonna be honest. I thought we were outta here. But then I see you, you over there. I ruined

34 (3h 26m 33s):
Here.

3 (3h 26m 34s):
You did not ruin it. This is actually a good, this is a good piece of juice here to get outta here. Yeah. Perfection. This could be the first time where you're gonna be on camera where we're gonna potentially be similar to the same amount of hedge. Oh,

34 (3h 26m 45s):
Because we do the camera thing. Yeah,

3 (3h 26m 46s):
We you do. I love the camera man. We you do it. Love

34 (3h 26m 50s):
The camera thing.

3 (3h 26m 50s):
What are you doing? You, you're done here working, huh? Okay.

34 (3h 26m 52s):
Yeah. But I did parlay it into a kid. Spring break. Universal Studios. So we got a little ride yesterday, which was great. They

3 (3h 26m 58s):
Able to do both. So you get like a day pass here at the annual league meeting.

34 (3h 27m 1s):
I did. I did a day of the meeting. Half day with the Universal.

3 (3h 27m 5s):
What do you're shaking hands right now? 'cause we see on Fox, right? You're on Fox? Yeah.

34 (3h 27m 8s):
I'll be on coward next four days. First four days of next week. Monday through Thursday. Okay,

3 (3h 27m 13s):
Here we go. There we go. Same exact time as us. We appreciate you doing

34 (3h 27m 15s):
That. Yeah, no this is, this is a real pleasure because I wanted to come into Indy. So this is a special honor. I'm stand up. What am I doing? There you go. Show you

3 (3h 27m 24s):
What you decide do is to rap sheet. 'cause rap sheet we look like a tiny little fell. But we know you're a basketball player so we know you got a little size on you. Little athleticism. Very little athleticism. You come down here though, you, you shake hands, kiss babies. That's what you're trying to do. Because I think it's, we see we saw Schefter 35 years in, we see Rappaport 20 years in whatever it is. Two years, then you're on two years. So now this is three different levels of trying to work the angles.

34 (3h 27m 47s):
I, yeah, I look at it less like angles and more relationships like with you guys, but

3 (3h 27m 50s):
Friendships.

34 (3h 27m 51s):
Yeah. Because you, you never want anything to be transactional. You want it to be genuine so that most of the conversations are not about the actual football. But yeah.

3 (3h 28m 3s):
What was that? Oh,

34 (3h 28m 5s):
I got some, I got some top 30 visits from From Malachi. Corley. Who? Who? The western Kentucky kid. The receiver. Oh, oh the

3 (3h 28m 11s):
Receiver. Oh, okay. Yeah. I did not, I did

34 (3h 28m 13s):
Not know. That's how you interested.

3 (3h 28m 15s):
Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. We

34 (3h 28m 16s):
Got, you got quite a few Steelers, Cowboys, Browns. Ravens, Panthers, bucks. Seattle Niners. Now we got

3 (3h 28m 28s):
This guy's going first round. This guy's going first round.

34 (3h 28m 31s):
I don't know if I, I think he's right on that fringe between first and second. But everyone's calling him the Deebo 2.0. He put on about 15 pounds of muscle. He looks like a beast.

3 (3h 28m 39s):
Okay, so here's the thing, nobody's covering the second round right now, which is why I am comfortable we Are you a breaking, we just had some breaking right there. What's so funny? Gumps, this is good information. I got leave meetings. Yeah, yeah. Leave

34 (3h 28m 50s):
Meetings. NI got some other ones I think. I think Arizona, if you're looking for a, a sleeper routine to move back, I think Arizona at four Yep. Is gonna move back. These

3 (3h 28m 58s):
Are really good case. Okay. See that could be where man said

34 (3h 29m 0s):
They're not, they're not married to four. I think Monty realizes that they have quite a few holes. They don't need a quarterback. Obviously they can move back and address some other positions. Yeah.

3 (3h 29m 9s):
Okay. Schulte, what

4 (3h 29m 11s):
About Seattle? Is Seattle gonna take Pennix? A lot of people are thinking that they're gonna take a QB

34 (3h 29m 15s):
Of the future. Not only that, but you have Ryan Grub who was his OC at Washington the last last two years. Who's now the OC in Seattle? I think, I think Seattle's I, I would say these three or four teams to watch out for Pennix would be Seattle, Atlanta. Potentially a sleeper would be the ramps. Oh,

3 (3h 29m 31s):
Okay.

34 (3h 29m 32s):
Penn. Lemme tell you about

3 (3h 29m 33s):
Pennix. What about

34 (3h 29m 33s):
Minnesota? Minnesota's another one. They're in that mix as well.

3 (3h 29m 35s):
Oh, sleeper. Okay. Las Vegas

34 (3h 29m 37s):
And Las Vegas potentially. Obviously men choose a stop gap I think respectfully. Respectfully. And then obviously they have Van O'Connell who is a backup. Respectfully. So I would say that with Pennix though, he measured six two and change also measured six nine. Wingspan, Whoa and measured the high, the biggest hand size of any non lineman at the combine. Big. I think it was 10 and I want to 10 and a quarter. 10 and a quarter. Something. That's huge. Yeah. Massive. That's huge. Massive hand. Now that's not the prerequisite for success, but we've seen a lot of guys not have the big

3 (3h 30m 8s):
Gloves. Big gloves.

34 (3h 30m 10s):
Yeah. Absolute monster hand wise. And then you go back to what Kailin, Debo told me he head coach, you know. Well yes. Talked to him yesterday, said he is one of the single best leaders he's ever seen in his life, regardless of sport.

3 (3h 30m 21s):
Well he, he got that Washington team to international championship. Yeah. Two years. I mean he turned it around Alabama. I think

34 (3h 30m 27s):
He's great. He, he told me yesterday that they're finally settling in but there's a lot of pressure. You go from Washington to, to Bama. That's tough. Yeah.

3 (3h 30m 36s):
Team leaves different

34 (3h 30m 38s):
Standard after saving. But I think he'll, he'll do well

3 (3h 30m 39s):
Andrew, your team's allowed to just get poached.

7 (3h 30m 42s):
Yeah, they they

3 (3h 30m 42s):
For like 14 days or something. Yeah.

7 (3h 30m 44s):
Proctor though. Proctor's coming back. He saw the other side. He didn't like it.

34 (3h 30m 48s):
I'll tell you too that for what it's worth with Pennix, I don't wanna give you too much. I know you guys gotta go. I don't wanna No

7 (3h 30m 54s):
John, that's all you got John walking

3 (3h 30m 57s):
All you can eat

7 (3h 30m 58s):
Right

34 (3h 30m 58s):
Now. Alright. John Beck, who is also coaching Daniels has coached Stroud. I believe Bryce Young told me that Pennix reminds him a lot of Stafford with the arm slots and arm angles. Okay. And said that very few quarterbacks can play in that type of weather. And he pointed to me the Oregon State game, which was horrible weather in Corvallis. Rain,

7 (3h 31m 17s):
Rain, rain, rain. And the

3 (3h 31m 18s):
Guy was pissing at the table.

7 (3h 31m 20s):
Yes. Yes.

34 (3h 31m 21s):
And Pennix held up and he said that's why teams are gonna love him because he can play in any environment, not just a dome guy. And then McCarthy you said had been rising a lot. The reason he's rising is really twofold. One is obviously the winning. He was eight and oh at IMG won a national title, won two state titles in high school before IMG. And then obviously he's the third winningest quarterback in in college football history. And his hockey background, the toughness couple teams have told me they loved that

7 (3h 31m 47s):
A big hockey is awesome phone. This is a hockey player. He was

34 (3h 31m 50s):
A big time junior hockey player. Big time.

7 (3h 31m 52s):
What are you talking

3 (3h 31m 52s):
About? We're talking

7 (3h 31m 53s):
Like, like

34 (3h 31m 54s):
14, 15, 16. Before he just went straight football. He was a big, big time hockey player. Oh,

7 (3h 31m 58s):
That's why the boys love him. That changes fucking gold. I did not know that. We got

34 (3h 32m 3s):
McCarthy is a monster man.

7 (3h 32m 4s):
We got sticky mets that changes everything. I did not know we had Dangles.

3 (3h 32m 8s):
So we heard a story from Source. Yeah. That when he was a freshman and they had a like a package for him and he'd come into the huddle or whatever. you know he is replacing Cade McNamara. Yeah, Cade McNamara obviously would take them to a playoff. And Cade McNamara was respected obviously he amongst the, he's a freshman kid, obviously comes in national champion IMG highly hyped. And he's getting like forced into a couple different spots there when they have their quarterback, a senior offensive lineman who was described as a human who hates everybody. Like there are offensive linemen that are like that.

34 (3h 32m 40s):
Kinda like a Will Hernandez just does not like other people.

7 (3h 32m 43s):
Yeah. In a good way. Hernandez her

3 (3h 32m 46s):
Will

7 (3h 32m 47s):
Hernandez in a good way. Yeah, there's there's a lot offensive linemen, old school line. There's

3 (3h 32m 51s):
A lot of offensive linemen that are just naturally miserable people and naturally just hate any change or anything could potentially, especially senior to a freshman. And I guess like whenever this particular senior offensive lineman saw the way JJ carried himself in the huddle in the locker room and with Cade McNamara with the whole situation going on, they're like, yeah, this is the, that's the guy. This is the one I I, I believe is what it was. And that like, I don't wanna say change.

7 (3h 33m 11s):
That was a true

34 (3h 33m 12s):
Freshman or freshman

3 (3h 33m 13s):
Year time. Yeah. I don't want, I don't wanna say it change your perspective. A lot of people in the building, but a lot of people in the building were like, okay, even the people that don't like people. Yeah. Like this guy when there's an easy ways for it not to happen. So I think JJ skyrocketing. Yep. But what, what does that ever mean during draft

7 (3h 33m 26s):
Season? Could be one, could be a

34 (3h 33m 27s):
Forget. I, I actually asked him about, I was talking to JJ and I said, this is before the combine. I said, I bet you

7 (3h 33m 33s):
Text him FaceTime. We

34 (3h 33m 34s):
Were just on the phone just

7 (3h 33m 36s):
Oh,

3 (3h 33m 36s):
So you guys call each other

7 (3h 33m 37s):
Phone.

34 (3h 33m 37s):
We just, I was, yeah, I, I want to, 'cause I wanna get a sense of guy's personalities and I said to him, smart, what are teams gonna, what are you gonna say when teams ask you about the 32 straight runs against Penn State? Teams might say, well they didn't trust you. And he said, well we got two of the best running backs in the country. We got a monster offensive line. And all I do, all I'm about is winning. And that's what I was just saying, going back to his high school, he's all the guy does is win. I love JJ McCarthy. You mentioned Levi, that's a similar comp in terms of like the size, the athleticism. I think McCarthy though, his, his success is just literally unmatched. So he's gonna, I think he's gonna definitely have an opportunity to go into the top five, top

3 (3h 34m 14s):
10. We talked about that. 32 straight runs against Penn State. The first game. Jim Harbaugh, Andre Moore found out before the game. Right.

34 (3h 34m 21s):
He was, that coach was

3 (3h 34m 22s):
Coaching. Right. JJ didn't bitch about it. Nope. At all about handing the ball off, you know, at all. Didn't worry about the Heisman conversation at all. Just kept his It's 'cause he's a hockey player. Yeah, exactly. I had no idea he was an American hockey player. What

34 (3h 34m 34s):
Does that do for you guys when you hear that though, as a quarterback?

3 (3h 34m 36s):
I mean as Patriot, he changes everything. Yeah. A

6 (3h 34m 38s):
Patriots fan. I'm

34 (3h 34m 39s):
Good with MCC Patriots. Tough, tough, tough dude. Yeah.

3 (3h 34m 41s):
I mean he beat the shit outta Ohio State too.

6 (3h 34m 44s):
Remember that throwback in the Rose Bowl that he caught one handed and turns and threw Oh yeah. Gets killed. Just that

3 (3h 34m 48s):
Play alone. Okay. Here. Hockey player. Yeah.

34 (3h 34m 51s):
Big time. Amateur hockey player. Also, speaking of quarterbacks, amateur. Go back to amateur. Amateur. Yeah, I was gonna say junior. They call it juniors. I'm gonna

6 (3h 34m 58s):
Start. No, amateur. Amateur.

34 (3h 34m 59s):
Amateur. I like it. I asked o Dunay and Polk about Pennix. Okay. And I said, what does he do better than anyone? And they said, this dude's ball placement and back shoulder accuracy world class. So talk about accuracy. Yeah.

3 (3h 35m 13s):
I was talking KC earlier about accuracy being a big thing. And I said, oh, so you like Panicy.

34 (3h 35m 19s):
Oh, I think Minnesota's firmly in that Froze

3 (3h 35m 21s):
Up. Yeah. A

34 (3h 35m 22s):
Conversation. Atlanta, Minnesota talked about the Ramseys a sleeper. Yeah.

3 (3h 35m 25s):
Anybody, anything else coming out of league meetings here that we need to hit? You think about

34 (3h 35m 29s):
Arizona's

3 (3h 35m 30s):
Brain.

34 (3h 35m 31s):
I could walk you through what happened with Ridley and maybe the kind of the, how that came to some

6 (3h 35m 36s):
About his girlfriend.

34 (3h 35m 37s):
Well, his, his his girlfriend or his wife. Yeah. Wanted to stay in the south. Yes. Jacksonville thought they had him. And New England also was under the impression as You know that he's going back to Jacksonville. Yeah. And Jacksonville actually had an unbelievable offer at the end of the day, but Tennessee was able to sell him on, come here you flanked by a Hall of Famer and d Hop you just talked about. And this is gonna be phenomenal for your career. You can play X, Y, and Z for us. And then they, they really do believe in Leva. They, they think

3 (3h 36m 10s):
He's the real deal. And Tennessee, no state income. Texas. Yep,

34 (3h 36m 12s):
Of course.

3 (3h 36m 13s):
So, and I heard that Patriots were willing to make up for the state income tax. New

34 (3h 36m 17s):
England offer. New England's offer was generous. Jacksonville's offer was generous. Tennessee was able to, there you go. Being in the south. So,

3 (3h 36m 25s):
Yeah. Did you talk to Robert Kraft about the documentary?

34 (3h 36m 28s):
No. I, I didn't, didn't do that. You should

3 (3h 36m 30s):
Have, you should bring it up.

34 (3h 36m 31s):
I should when I asked

3 (3h 36m 32s):
Him. Yeah. Yeah. You should bring it up. Yeah.

34 (3h 36m 33s):
What do you guys think of the quarterbacks though, other than the top three? I'm curious. Nicks Pennix McCarthy sold

3 (3h 36m 39s):
On jj. Yeah. He's a hockey player. Yeah. I mean literally you just changed probably an entire draft order in our minds. Yeah. Because he's a hockey player.

34 (3h 36m 47s):
It does feel like a lot of pass fans want Daniels or is that not, I

4 (3h 36m 50s):
Mean, to be completely honest, I just don't wanna fucking suck anymore. Yeah. So I. Don't know. You asked about the quarterbacks. I don't know fucking shit about any of

3 (3h 36m 58s):
'em. They need to figure it out. Whoever.

4 (3h 36m 60s):
Yeah. Whoever's doing it needs to figure it out and they need to pick the right fucking guy.

3 (3h 37m 4s):
All right, well Schulte, we appreciate you. Great seeing you. Thank you

34 (3h 37m 6s):
Schulte. Oh, we got Clowny too. Where's

3 (3h 37m 8s):
He going? Well,

34 (3h 37m 9s):
Well he had a, he had a, he had an awesome with the Jets. Yeah. Both sides want, I think want that to happen. That's my sense. Oh yeah. And you, you heard Joe Douglas say, I gotta spend an hour with him. I think there's a real opportunity for him there. They lost Bryce Huff. That was a killer for them to, to Philadelphia. And I think Clowny not only would be a great fit, but it's my understanding that the Jets are highly motivated was how it was described to sign him. So there, there's still a couple other teams. What kind of

4 (3h 37m 35s):
Deal, what kinda of money is he get one

34 (3h 37m 36s):
Year? I think it'd be highly incentivized. He's 31 years old. Still good money though. Yeah. And he come off, he had nine and a half sacks last year, tied his career high. So a guy that usually signs late, I think could actually sign much earlier. Jet Steel

4 (3h 37m 48s):
Line too.

34 (3h 37m 48s):
Yeah. We also And then we have the sne. You wanna get into that or,

3 (3h 37m 51s):
Yeah, sure. What's going on with

34 (3h 37m 52s):
Sed? Well, I think with, with Snead,

3 (3h 37m 55s):
He was a Colt. Yeah.

34 (3h 37m 57s):
I don't know. I don't know how much,

4 (3h 37m 58s):
Well Dustin

3 (3h 37m 59s):
Said he was No, no, no, just, just stop blaming. Just Dustin. Captain

4 (3h 38m 3s):
Col, col. Captain Colt.

3 (3h 38m 4s):
There was a lot of Cols fans that were excited who cover the Colts every single day that we might have Sneed and they,

34 (3h 38m 10s):
Well

4 (3h 38m 11s):
He would've tucked their tail.

34 (3h 38m 11s):
He would've been a great fit. Obviously they brought back Kenny Moore, but, and Julian Blackman's are free. They need secondary help and Steve would've been a great fit, but he's also really expensive. And so what happened with that was, I think Kansas City, Kansas City was comfortable.

3 (3h 38m 24s):
Okay, we

34 (3h 38m 25s):
Gotta go look. Okay. No, no. Kansas City. Your voice, your voice raised. Oh

3 (3h 38m 30s):
My bad. You got it. I love

34 (3h 38m 33s):
All the, you got excited.

3 (3h 38m 34s):
So

34 (3h 38m 35s):
I had a 21 hour screen screen time day a couple days ago. Which is, so

3 (3h 38m 38s):
Everybody's talking about Chefy at 17 hours. You're like, wait a minute

34 (3h 38m 42s):
Now. To be fair, two hours at least were where the white noise app, to be fair.

4 (3h 38m 45s):
Okay. To be fair. So that's fate. Yo. So you're pumping

34 (3h 38m 47s):
Up the numbers. 19, you're pumping, I'm inflating like an agent

3 (3h 38m 50s):
With two deal. Two hours. Yeah, but you're telling us two hours. Yeah. So that's probably five.

34 (3h 38m 54s):
No, no.

3 (3h 38m 55s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's go. Okay. Walter man. Yeah.

34 (3h 39m 3s):
Copio macchiato. Little espresso. Yeah, no, so long story short, Kansas City was more than, they were totally fine with him playing on the tag next year, getting a comp three. And somebody asked me today, well why would they make the move if they wanted a two and they only got a three back. The reason is because they wouldn't have got a pick until 26. So they get a pick now in 25 and now they can extend maybe a, a Joe Toy Creed, Humphrey, they still have Trey Smith coming, they have Nick Bolton coming. So you know, they, and obviously they pay, pay Chris Jones but, but Snead had a great connection with Rand hon, both Florida guys, the GM of the Titans. And they really connected, I think. And I think Rand also really connected with, actually I say Snead's a Louisiana guy, but Southern guy.

34 (3h 39m 48s):
And then Rand really connected with Calvin Ridley, who is a Florida guy. They got on the phone and really were able to, to find some synergy. And I think that that was a big part of it as well. So. I was, I love Ridley. I I think that was a perfect fit. And I think Tennessee did a hell of a job. you know, obviously got C Berry, they got Cheeto Pollard, they got Pollard So. I think that's gonna be a, a real nice team. Callahan

3 (3h 40m 8s):
His dad. Yeah. Yeah. Callaghan looks like Wilker.

34 (3h 40m 13s):
No really something in

4 (3h 40m 15s):
Photos.

34 (3h 40m 16s):
Oh, I've seen

4 (3h 40m 17s):
Photos.

34 (3h 40m 17s):
You guys, do we have any, do we have any, like I feel like you guys always wanna ask me like the Starbucks stuff.

3 (3h 40m 22s):
Yeah. What's going on?

34 (3h 40m 23s):
No, no. You always, you always like, you always like, Hey

3 (3h 40m 25s):
I've gotten into coffee head to the counter anymore. Yeah. You guys remember that was a big thing. You guys had all your workers were like, we're not doing this shit. No. Not workers

4 (3h 40m 31s):
Cutting hands

34 (3h 40m 32s):
Off coming in. No, they're coming in. Yeah.

3 (3h 40m 33s):
Oh, they're protesting you. Well for No, I mean it was garbage.

4 (3h 40m 36s):
Yeah. You son of a bitch.

3 (3h 40m 38s):
You asked, you know what they for? I don dunno what they're

34 (3h 40m 40s):
Protesting actually

3 (3h 40m 41s):
Was

34 (3h 40m 41s):
Garbage. The nickname Lil Latte has grown on me. And I'll, I'll tell you this, this speaks to your guys' show in the Reach you have Uhoh a GM today, about an hour and a half ago. I said, you know, I might be going on with Pat today. And he goes, oh, Lil Latte. So we,

3 (3h 40m 56s):
Yes. Who was,

34 (3h 40m 57s):
It remains to me. Now I can, I'll tell you all, I'll tell you all to

3 (3h 40m 59s):
Say. Okay. Yeah, it'd be nice to know. Who knows. But he's

34 (3h 41m 1s):
A big fan of the show. And I said, you know what, Lil Latte. That's it. Hell.

3 (3h 41m 6s):
Yeah. I heard you, you dropped it there earlier. You, you asked speak third person. So we're moving it, we're moving a little latte. No,

34 (3h 41m 11s):
I, I like

3 (3h 41m 12s):
Little latte. That's what I'm saying. We're we're moving it.

34 (3h 41m 14s):
I like it. I think it works.

3 (3h 41m 15s):
We're going along with little latte.

34 (3h 41m 15s):
Well, they used to call me the Frappuccino in high school. That was like, the opposing fans would say, frappuccino, when I go to the free throw line, frapuccino

3 (3h 41m 23s):
Or Italian, or when we trade, you know, how many Eno Chancer in Pittsburgh, or

34 (3h 41m 27s):
When we traded Gary Payton, too many. Gary Payton. That was, that was tough. That was a tough one for me. Yeah.

4 (3h 41m 33s):
Alright. Could wait. I

3 (3h 41m 34s):
Can see that. What, what were they calling

4 (3h 41m 36s):
'em? Why, why? How does that, how does that,

34 (3h 41m 37s):
When we traded Gary Payton from the Sonics, the gloves. Oh,

4 (3h 41m 40s):
Dad owned the Sonics. Dad owned the Sonic.

34 (3h 41m 42s):
Oh yeah. A

3 (3h 41m 43s):
Lot of people say it's his fault

34 (3h 41m 44s):
That the sonics aren't there.

4 (3h 41m 46s):
Oh, so you're the reason Seattle is not bad Whoa.

34 (3h 41m 48s):
I'm, I'm the reason. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. No, I think, I think, I think even my, I'm not saying, I'm just saying lie. No, I, I think even, I think my, I think my dad 15 years later would, would say that he made a lot of mistakes for sure. Okay,

3 (3h 41m 58s):
Good. That's humility like that. Exactly

4 (3h 41m 59s):
As we all have everybody.

3 (3h 42m 1s):
So who much is given much is required. And obviously you gotta continue to learn And, that whole thing. How is your dad still at Starbucks?

34 (3h 42m 8s):
He left, but he's actually currently in Asia and in Japan and China debuting the Oto drink, the olive oil drink. So he's still involved, but he is not tattoo. Are you guys

3 (3h 42m 17s):
Allowed to call it that O

34 (3h 42m 18s):
Oto?

3 (3h 42m 19s):
Are you allowed to say that? How do you spell that? It's an

34 (3h 42m 21s):
OE olive oil drink. It basically means olive oil in Italian. Who's drinking olive oil? Infused coffee. Actually, that's good for skin. Great for your skin, you know, olive oil. How

3 (3h 42m 31s):
Many years did it making, is that like a 10 year process to, it

34 (3h 42m 33s):
Was about a three year process. They acquired an olive oil farm in Sicily called Ana, and then took that olive oil and put it in the Starbucks drink, which takes about a year to develop, make sure it tastes right. 'cause at first it was awful.

3 (3h 42m 45s):
I mean, the Nick

34 (3h 42m 46s):
Crow, the

4 (3h 42m 46s):
Nick Crow skit about olive oil. It is good

34 (3h 42m 48s):
Forever. Very good for, good for your skin, your hair. So, so he's, he's, he's 70 now. And I think at the end of the day, he, he still has to have that juice. you know, he has to do something still up at four 30 in the morning reading his three papers, sending me texts at seven 30 my time. Good morning. Every morning. Like clockwork.

3 (3h 43m 3s):
That's awesome. For you self-made.

34 (3h 43m 5s):
Yeah. From the projects. Brooklyn, New York.

3 (3h 43m 7s):
Really? One

34 (3h 43m 8s):
Shop. Right. Cany

3 (3h 43m 8s):
Started with one shop

34 (3h 43m 10s):
Again a time. I wanna be respectful of your guys' time. Interested.

3 (3h 43m 14s):
We asked you the question.

34 (3h 43m 14s):
Okay. So grew up in Canarsie, in, in Brooklyn. Was got on a, you guys are gonna love this.

3 (3h 43m 21s):
So it's nothing but time, by the way, if you're gonna tell an incredible American jewelry story here.

34 (3h 43m 25s):
He had a full, full, should I should start that over because it's important. He had a full football scholarship to play quarterback at Northern Michigan University. That's how he got outta Brooklyn.

3 (3h 43m 35s):
Summertime he gets Northern Michigan.

34 (3h 43m 39s):
Marquette. It's Marquette, Michigan. So way up, way up. He gets there. And who is he backing up? No, none other, none other than Steve Marucci. That's it.

7 (3h 43m 49s):
Mooch Mooch, mooch Mooch.

34 (3h 43m 52s):
And who's the point guard? All American on the basketball team. Tom

7 (3h 43m 55s):
Zo. Wow. My

3 (3h 43m 56s):
Dad, January,

34 (3h 43m 58s):
February goes way back 40 plus years with IZO and Mooch. Nice. And they actually, they didn't, they actually won a division two national championship. But my dad quit the team

7 (3h 44m 10s):
Because

34 (3h 44m 11s):
He

7 (3h 44m 11s):
Knew that Mo was,

34 (3h 44m 13s):
He said, I got there and I Quitter. Yeah, quitter. But ultimately worked. Ultimately the long story or the, the, I should say the long story short is he's on a trip working for another company in Milan. He's walking around every day. He's seeing the espresso cafes and he says, okay, the same people are in this cafe every day. They're staying for 30 minutes, an hour. And they're conversing this. That's the third place. Home work, third place. And then he tries the coffee, and this is 1980. And he says, okay, this is unlike anything I've ever had. Because at that point, America really just had Drip, or I should say instant Folgers. Yeah.

3 (3h 44m 51s):
Still have Drip. Yeah. The best part

7 (3h 44m 55s):
It is Folgers. In

34 (3h 44m 58s):
So. I used to augment that song, that, that song and just say is SBU in your cup?

3 (3h 45m 3s):
Oh, for your dad. Dad, we're hearing the story here. So he says, the cafe seems like the third

34 (3h 45m 7s):
Spot. So he, yeah, th this is it. And then he says, we gotta get that And. we gotta figure out this, these beans. Yeah. And then he finds Starbucks. This is what people don't realize. He founded it, but he didn't start it was bought the store. Right. Already. They had one store. He's working as a barista. He needs to raise about a million and a half dollars. He has three months to do it. And at the final hour he's out of, out of time. And he's about a half a million. Short was turned down by over 240 banks. And he gets a group together of local Seattle investors. Kenny G's uncle, saxophone

6 (3h 45m 41s):
Guy, Scotty

34 (3h 45m 42s):
G. So, so Kenny and Howard are really, they go way back. Bill Gates, senior Bill Gates,

3 (3h 45m 48s):
The

34 (3h 45m 48s):
Father, senior, the father, big six seven, mountain of a man. They get six Bill

6 (3h 45m 52s):
Gate senior.

34 (3h 45m 52s):
6 7, 6 7. Yeah.

3 (3h 45m 53s):
Bill Gates', dad go to parties.

34 (3h 45m 55s):
Mountain of a man. Yeah. Six, seven. Bigger than Paul.

3 (3h 45m 57s):
We're not even getting into Bill Gates's dad.

6 (3h 45m 59s):
Sorry, sorry.

34 (3h 46m 0s):
And then, and yeah, bigger between them. And then they get together, he sells it. And half of them, three or four of them say we love it. The other half say, we love the concept, but we don't need the kid. He's 26, I think at the time. So Bill Gates, senior Kenny, G's uncle, a couple other guys say, you can't steal this kid's dream. And they galvanize it. They give him the money. So that's, that's, that's, that's Peter Baldwin on the right, I believe who started Pete's afterward. Yeah. Oh yeah. And two others. And then that's, that's obviously, that's the original store, which almost,

3 (3h 46m 32s):
Which one's your dad

34 (3h 46m 33s):
In? He's not in that photo. No, he's not in that photo.

3 (3h 46m 35s):
Oh no, this one they were trying to take it from the kid. Yeah,

34 (3h 46m 37s):
Yeah, yeah. But that's the original store, which is almost unchanged Pike Place market. And then ultimately, obviously one, one cool thing that, a little tidbit that nobody knows, that I've never told on camera. When, when they, when they go to Vancouver, their first time out of, out of state, out of out of country, he has to smuggle basically illegal goods, coffee, beans over the border,

6 (3h 46m 60s):
Keister, themm

34 (3h 47m 1s):
Two Vancouver in the, in the back. And he says, every, every single time, once a month, they bring the beans to the Starbucks in Vancouver. And he would say, can I swear? I can swear. Yeah. Yeah. One of these fucking canine dogs is gonna, is gonna, is gonna come in. Yeah. But fortunately for me and and

3 (3h 47m 16s):
The family, the family,

34 (3h 47m 17s):
Nobody, the world, the world, depending on how you look at it, nobody ever did. Yeah.

3 (3h 47m 22s):
There's some people. Yeah,

34 (3h 47m 23s):
Some people You know, fuck that guy. you know? Yeah.

3 (3h 47m 26s):
That's your life though. That's your

6 (3h 47m 27s):
Life. That's my life. He changed the way we hang out then. 'cause like now the coffee, coffee shop is like a, Hey, I'm gonna go get some

3 (3h 47m 32s):
Work. Wifi needs to be there before, before

6 (3h 47m 35s):
Starbucks we

34 (3h 47m 35s):
Right. I think regardless of there he is. Wow. It is Bag of beans back there. Yeah. Bag of beans. That's probably

6 (3h 47m 41s):
From John Beal. Like how do you get a movie? A 5 billion store? Well they

34 (3h 47m 45s):
Have, they have, they have different coffee farms all over the world. A lot of them are exclusive to Starbucks. Okay. Port all over South America. Obviously Africa, Ethiopia. So he had to go those places. He would find these places and be like, and then they would try to empower the local communities to make it sustainable. But that, that, that photo, he's probably 27, 28 in that photo.

3 (3h 48m 3s):
Chelsea, we have some breaking news in the NFL Cordero Patterson has signed with the Pi. You go Pittsburgh Steel. Obviously he became a weapon. Not that he wasn't beforehand with Arthur Smith down in Atlanta. We all got a chance to watch Cordell Patterson play every position, get the ball basically on every play there for an entire year. He was an all pro returner. He was coming outta Tennessee, obviously a superstar. Then when Minnesota, he was a stud in Atlanta, he found refound an identity. Now he's gonna Pittsburgh tongue digs. How do we feel about Arthur Smith bringing Cordell Patterson

5 (3h 48m 35s):
About a few hours to digest this. A little birdie might have told me this a couple hours ago. I feel really, really good about this. I mean, he is the Swiss Army knife that Arthur Smith needs to execute the offense. And if that's gonna happen also he's a veteran leader. That, that room has been missing for quite a, quite a long time.

3 (3h 48m 51s):
Oh, you're talking about the receiver.

5 (3h 48m 52s):
So

34 (3h 48m 53s):
Jalen Warren, well also he's kind of running his weapon. Yeah. Jalen Warren

5 (3h 48m 56s):
Joker position master. He's, he's not taking care of from those starting

34 (3h 48m 59s):
Joker. Yeah. I just remember Chris Cooley. That was, that was the, oh yeah, that was my favorite. He was a

5 (3h 49m 3s):
Beast. He's the original hvac.

34 (3h 49m 4s):
The original hvac.

5 (3h 49m 5s):
What a picture of his meat. But the

34 (3h 49m 7s):
Original HVAC

5 (3h 49m 8s):
Was cool.

3 (3h 49m 9s):
Was, I was trying to think, was

5 (3h 49m 9s):
With the playbook, right? He was babysitting on Cooley's Kid

3 (3h 49m 12s):
Time. Yeah. We saw Cooley down in Atlanta. He was a cool guy. He's awesome. He was. He was very cool guy.

5 (3h 49m 16s):
All I got

34 (3h 49m 17s):
A lot of love for you guys. I appreciate you having me on. Thank

3 (3h 49m 19s):
You for telling dad story.

5 (3h 49m 21s):
That was

3 (3h 49m 21s):
Like motivating. Motivating as hell. Really cool. Hell. yeah dude, love you guys man. Schulte, we appreciate the hell outta you buddy. Say

5 (3h 49m 27s):
Bye

3 (3h 49m 28s):
Schulte. We only talk shit by the way because we love you. Yeah,

5 (3h 49m 31s):
Exactly. If we didn't like you,

3 (3h 49m 32s):
We couldn't do it. See you buddy. See ya. See you buddy. We'll see you. An indie love

5 (3h 49m 35s):
That all about. Fucking love it man. Guys. See

3 (3h 49m 39s):
4 0 7.

5 (3h 49m 40s):
How do you scale that all of a sudden go from one

3 (3h 49m 42s):
Store to

5 (3h 49m 43s):
5 trillion Boy is my tank.

3 (3h 49m 46s):
Yeah. Alright Shte,

5 (3h 49m 49s):
Appreciate

3 (3h 49m 49s):
You Shte. Have a good one buddy. We'll see you in a little bit. Safe

5 (3h 49m 51s):
Travels j

3 (3h 49m 52s):
We'll see you in a little bit. It's 45,000 people still watching on YouTube. Why? That was a good story. It

5 (3h 49m 57s):
Was. It was. It was a good day actually. Very cool. It was a good day. You alright?

3 (3h 49m 60s):
Alright, we're done. Yeah. Alright Chu. See you buddy. What is that all about? What do

5 (3h 50m 5s):
You, this

3 (3h 50m 6s):
Guy here right in the middle of that thing. Yeah. Who

5 (3h 50m 8s):
You. I just wanted let you know do not throw anything this way 'cause I got nothing. Wait, what

3 (3h 50m 13s):
Did he do? I mean, thumb wrote on the back of that piece of paper, me and Schultz are sitting right next to each other,

5 (3h 50m 17s):
Showed it to him and then did a little like rub it on your face. I left it up face. I was like, I turned that upside down. I'm

3 (3h 50m 23s):
Literally talking, I'm talking, I'm talking two SHOs and turns holding that thing up in the background. I got, what does that mean?

5 (3h 50m 28s):
I've got waving it like a

3 (3h 50m 30s):
Flag. He's like, do not fucking say my name here. Oh my God. Don't even think it. I got nothing. I missed. I'm out. I'm out.

5 (3h 50m 37s):
If you were to sense, I'll be honest, I, I've got nothing.

3 (3h 50m 41s):
There's no reason we should have been here

5 (3h 50m 42s):
All day. I mean he was our third insider. We've got all the inside info we need. you know, need. Just ask, Hey, what's your favorite death row meal? If you don't

3 (3h 50m 48s):
Have a question, hey that's becoming our new thing. It seemed like today I,

5 (3h 50m 51s):
We get short to a taco

3 (3h 50m 53s):
If Ole we had to get to a meal. We had to get to a meal with Oli.

5 (3h 50m 56s):
It came up naturally with

3 (3h 50m 58s):
Oli. Alright, let's get outta here boys. Yeah. How you doing back here Fox. Are you okay? You went to sleep immediately on that little baby bear thing? Yeah. No I feel great. Okay. Good.

5 (3h 51m 10s):
Sweet.

3 (3h 51m 12s):
How about Matt Brown? Bruce? Brian Bruce rushing it. He was just in the living room. And we showed up at the Airbnb Pops right up. Hey boys. That thing, he'd been asleep for what? Two or three hours? Oh

4 (3h 51m 24s):
Yeah. Not least

3 (3h 51m 26s):
Spry. Spry. This more Mike Foss is so jacked. Oh my

11 (3h 51m 29s):
God.

4 (3h 51m 29s):
Fos was looking better shape every week. Who

3 (3h 51m 32s):
Triceps? Gumpy normally sleeps an hour and a half a night. So got

4 (3h 51m 36s):
Extra sleep last night. What? What

5 (3h 51m 37s):
You doing Gump? We were in the trenches last night.

3 (3h 51m 39s):
We were your mikes. My night was a long one. Your Mike sucks. Big Colton. He was Hey fan favorite hazard.

4 (3h 51m 47s):
Hi baby.

3 (3h 51m 48s):
He drank a shot in Iowa too. Clean jumper. Big shout out to everybody from ESPN that set this thing up down here. A lot of people. Oh yeah. A lot of people. A lot of people. Very good people. Yep. We love

11 (3h 51m 57s):
Them. But

4 (3h 51m 59s):
Rocket breaking

3 (3h 52m 1s):
A record breaking amount of credentials, that would never happen again. Nope. Yeah. Did not know about that. But we are very thankful for everybody that puts forth the effort to make sure this thing can go in the manner that it can. This is just a basic ass empty ass conference room. Yeah. Obviously with the display, the lights, the cameras, the ability to connect in the first show that's ever been, you know, just fully live from the league meetings. This is a cool thing. We're very thankful for everybody

5 (3h 52m 26s):
Excited you to come back.

3 (3h 52m 26s):
Yeah. Yeah. Excited to come back two days. Well, we'll see. We'll see. I think too, I saw, you know who I saw. He feels

5 (3h 52m 31s):
Like too, there's a lot of GMs and coaches that we need not here talk to.

3 (3h 52m 34s):
I saw Brian McCarthy, who's NFL PR guy. He's the one that is, you know he's,

4 (3h 52m 41s):
He's the mover and shake in

3 (3h 52m 43s):
The weeds. He's up there. Yeah. He's heard me say Roger Ell is scared to come on program because he handles PR four. Roger Goodell.

4 (3h 52m 49s):
He's So I.

3 (3h 52m 50s):
I don't think he's scared or nothing but from what I've been told, but Brian can't ever say hello. That's very kind of him. Thank thank you to the NFL for allowing us in here obviously. Yeah. And congrats on saving some plays in football. Yeah, yeah. you know. Yeah. Connor, final thoughts from league meeting?

4 (3h 53m 7s):
I was pumped to talk to all the coaches. GMs, no owners as well with Kaylin. We came here for Schulte and And. we fucking got 'em.

3 (3h 53m 16s):
Yeah. Ty, you feel the same way?

11 (3h 53m 18s):
Yeah, I think so. Slash Cabo And you know, I mean hits the nail on the head that his death row meal would just be a run of the mill sausage pizza with plain white cake.

4 (3h 53m 30s):
That's it.

11 (3h 53m 30s):
That's Cabo.

3 (3h 53m 32s):
That's Cabo football baby. Exactly. How about him coming with a full ankle brace? Yep. Under his hocus compression sleeve. Compression sleeve as well. Kbo really maybe stole the day. Tony, what are your thoughts on the day that was here?

5 (3h 53m 46s):
We, we've always known that K C's awesome. We've known that be's awesome 'cause we've had him on before. But Raheem Morris coming on

3 (3h 53m 53s):
Rahi.

5 (3h 53m 54s):
Rahi. Yes. 'cause he is him was just, he's I for me, he stole my heart today.

3 (3h 53m 59s):
He said I won, won 10 games. I'm him. Yeah. Yeah. I am him 32 years old. He was hired as a head coach. That's, that's how well liked he is by everybody works

4 (3h 54m 9s):
Still.

3 (3h 54m 9s):
His energy was awesome. Yeah. Incredible. Incredible. Falcons are gonna be very good. I feel like it, it'd have to be yes. Got Kurt o

4 (3h 54m 16s):
Offense is sweet. How

3 (3h 54m 17s):
About him saying I've known Kirk since Washington. Yeah. I was in NO People forget that We have been connected through this entire thing. aj you're a big, your big takeaway from league meetings. You did a great job of that.

6 (3h 54m 26s):
I mean kbo everything about him. Yeah, I'm a fan and I will be till the day I die. But yeah, this like young, we have this like young new movement in the NFL with GMs coaches and I think it's a cool, it's mixed in with like the old school football guys too. So, I. Think we're in a like a weird cool generation of the NFL that we're lucky to be here to watch.

3 (3h 54m 46s):
I think so. And we're potentially considered, you know, a part of that entire thing. Kaylinn being here is cool. Yeah. Yeah.

4 (3h 54m 51s):
And she was incredible. Her talking about like how her and her sister understand that like we

3 (3h 54m 56s):
Get that we

4 (3h 54m 57s):
Are. Yeah. Like that was very, very cool.

3 (3h 54m 58s):
I assume there's some real guilt Guilt's cool.

6 (3h 55m 0s):
Yeah,

4 (3h 55m 1s):
Exactly. And like then

3 (3h 55m 2s):
Also what I am, what are we gonna do? Control. Yeah. What so sorry.

4 (3h 55m 5s):
She mentioned like she wanted to go back to school or if she wants to go back to school 'cause she feels like she needs to like earn that. It's like that is a very cool way to look at it. 'cause I doubt everybody looks at it that way.

3 (3h 55m 13s):
It was fun day. Fun day. Brandon Beans calves. Yeah,

4 (3h 55m 17s):
He's the man

6 (3h 55m 18s):
Abnormally big,

3 (3h 55m 21s):
Big calfs.

4 (3h 55m 21s):
Yeah. Dinner plates.

6 (3h 55m 24s):
Scratch golfer.

4 (3h 55m 25s):
Yeah. Yeah. On the hardest courses.

6 (3h 55m 28s):
Do

3 (3h 55m 29s):
How though? How

6 (3h 55m 29s):
Did he know Loki play?

3 (3h 55m 32s):
Didn't Orlowski cheated? That's

6 (3h 55m 33s):
What happened to his scorecard. Different course

3 (3h 55m 35s):
He he did his math. He flubbed his math.

4 (3h 55m 37s):
Yeah. And. it just so happened to be one stroke over.

3 (3h 55m 40s):
Yeah. And then Bean was complete all he was like yeah. Six strokes, two under or something. So it was like he gave us the wrong Yeah number wrong

4 (3h 55m 48s):
Index.

3 (3h 55m 49s):
Which is why we can call him a sandbagger forever now. But he did make $250,000 I think for some charity. 'cause he said it was 78. Correct. We're like you're not gonna shoot a fucking 78 dude on a PGA course. An

6 (3h 56m 0s):
Open championship course.

3 (3h 56m 1s):
Yeah. He shot a 76. I think he did. He did.

4 (3h 56m 5s):
He did.

3 (3h 56m 5s):
Yes he did. He went to a good place though. Heard the bison are gonna be good. Yeah. Yeah

4 (3h 56m 8s):
They are. We'll see. We'll see For sure. Did we,

3 (3h 56m 11s):
You didn't hear that, you

6 (3h 56m 12s):
Said the top of 'em are still 16

4 (3h 56m 14s):
Feet. We don't know for sure. You asked 16 feet and he said what of snow? So we can't

6 (3h 56m 17s):
Walk proves our point. We cannot walk underneath it without hitting our head on the dog.

4 (3h 56m 20s):
How tall are you?

3 (3h 56m 22s):
Well rap can that, that's what we learned. Yeah, we

6 (3h 56m 24s):
Did learn that.

3 (3h 56m 25s):
Yeah. That's just a thing. Yeah.

4 (3h 56m 27s):
Well he could walk under this, be this desk with a his head on.

3 (3h 56m 30s):
How cool would that be to be him just to water right underneath whatever. Awesome. Yeah. you know like everybody's like worried about loves at the dinner table. He can just Yep. Right underneath a tunnel to me. Oh,

4 (3h 56m 39s):
You drop something under the couch. Two seconds. I'll be right back.

3 (3h 56m 45s):
He's abnormally so

6 (3h 56m 46s):
Let's thinking of like hamster tunnels.

4 (3h 56m 47s):
Yeah, yeah,

3 (3h 56m 49s):
Yeah. Probably That's a benefit. Yeah. That's another thing we learned today. Exactly.

4 (3h 56m 56s):
Poles,

6 (3h 56m 56s):
His shoes were done

4 (3h 56m 57s):
In Poles is a big son of a bitch and feels like he's very smart.

3 (3h 57m 1s):
Young. Yeah,

4 (3h 57m 2s):
Young

3 (3h 57m 3s):
Looked cool. Cerebral

4 (3h 57m 5s):
Assassin they say. Yeah. Very cerebral.

3 (3h 57m 7s):
I mean he told us he was drafting Caleb, so Yeah. Give it away. Should have known they picked nine as well. That's not good journalism. Yeah,

11 (3h 57m 14s):
That's the one. You better. I messed that one up.

4 (3h 57m 16s):
Probably trading back. What's

3 (3h 57m 17s):
Your problem? Why you bringing negativity there? You

11 (3h 57m 18s):
Said no just as a, if you're a Bears fan, you're thinking I, I'm good with one. We, we gotta hit a home run with nine, otherwise, who

3 (3h 57m 25s):
Knows. Jim Harbaugh. Awesome. John Harbaugh, awesome business card. Awesome. Today's been a good day. Alright, let's get outta here. Good work team. Really good stuff. Be your friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change your life. That's for real. We're in this thing together. Let's never forget it. Team on me. Team on three. One, two. Three. Team. Goodbye.