0 (0s):
Hello Beautiful People and welcome to our Humble Abo the Thunder down on this Brock party. Tuesday, April 16th, 2024 This program begins now sports our wonderful in. Today we get a chance to chat with one of the greatest stories in the NFL thus far. Just a young lad who was drafted last in the draft and then he ended up leading a team to a Super Bowl in his second year. He has been mocked and ridiculed by a lot of people with big brains in the football world. He's been called a child 'cause of how he looks, and he certainly does look like a little tiny ass kid. But what he does on a football field is phenomenal. Brock Purdy will join us in a matter of moments.

0 (41s):
That should be a lot of fun. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Iowa State Cyclone obviously can't wait to chitchat about that a little bit. How about Neil Shipley? You remember him? Longhaired guy was cock there and air swung in the green jacket ceremony within the, the clubhouse. The guy who played with Tiger Woods on Sunday as the lead amateur of the Masters of Golf Tournament from Pittsburgh. Yinzer. Nice. He'll be joining us at one 40. You gotta keep an eye out, you know, never know when somebody's gonna try to get you in your biggest moment. you know, Shipley knows that 'cause he's the yinzer. He thought, look at me. I'm sitting next to Scotty Chef. We're Joel ROMs there, chairman of of the masters of Jim Nance off another fantastic call. He's sitting right here. Wow. I'm sitting at Augusta National. I cannot believe I'm here to put me on tv.

0 (1m 21s):
Somebody's gonna be trying to get me. Lemme keep my eyes peeled. And I appreciate the fact. This guy's a ninja. I think that tells us that he's gonna be fantastic on a golf course for some time representing Pittsburgh. I don't know how many Pittsburghers we've had. Get into golf in a big way and lemme tell you why the weather sucks from a large portion of the year. Okay. So the amount of time you can play golf is very much limited then to those who live in Florida. Sure. And other warm climates. And also golf in Pittsburgh is a lot of, ah, you see the ball, the darker tree. You see that one as you're looking over a hill. Yeah. It's 50 yards down to the right. Just kind of fade. One that's every shot. You can't see where you need to hit the ball to.

0 (2m 4s):
So to say it is a miserable experience for those of us that aren't pure golf shot hitters. It is. So the fact that this Neil Shipley guy was able to power through mentally tough enough. And he's, I think he's sinning all over Augusta, Nashville. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, well he had a little cheeky saucy shots in front of Tiger Woods. This guy's a dog. So his first impression, whenever he's given an interview, not the greatest to the world, but what he's about to do to golf cart courses across the globe is about to be fantastic. Can't wait to chat with him. Yins or Neil Shipley will join us in the second hour and then third hour on YouTube. And ESPN Plus from tts. NBA coverage Emmy Award-winning Charles Barkley will join us. Ooh, Hell. yeah. Can't wait to talk to Chuck. Chuck because the NBA playoff picture is real. Starting at night.

0 (2m 44s):
There's a lot happening. You got a lot. He playing games fun. Big names. Huge. Huge. We got Lakers and Warriors in play. In games. Boom. Oh, what does that mean? One and done? Potentially. But they're taking on a couple young bucks. You got the Pelicans led by Zion and CJ and the boys down to Bayou. And then you got Sacramento Kings. They're a team. Oh yeah. Just a few years ago. Nobody remember. Correct. If you weren't a diehard basketball player fan, you had no idea that Sacramento Kings existed. They got zero nationally televised games. None. Sacramento's Capital California. Never. Nobody would know. No. Is it really? And now look at 'em. Now look at 'em. Holy shit. Good for Sacramento over there. Good for the NBA. Can't wait to talk to Chuck. the Toxic. Table is here at Boston. Connor at Ty Schmidt.

0 (3m 24s):
Is that a red fox right there?

1 (3m 25s):
Yeah. Yeah. Funny enough. It is a red fox. I can't believe you knew that. I didn't even know what it was until I actually looked it up.

0 (3m 31s):
I mean, I watched all the planet Earth. Sure.

1 (3m 33s):
Oh, of course.

0 (3m 34s):
If you had happened to have smoked an herbal anything in your life, you have probably seen a planet Earth or 10. Absolutely. And I've seen that red fox do some mischievous things. Is that right? Out there in Yeah. In very four, eight k. Slow mo. I've seen a red fox do some sweet shit. I think you got a good animal on your chest radio.

1 (3m 53s):
Okay. Good to know. I not

0 (3m 54s):
As good as the macco. you know the Macs the monkeys, they've got a hierarchy of the political system. They are certainly ones to take off to another altitude and learn about and experience. But the red fox certainly fine as well.

1 (4m 6s):
Is the, is that Macco who took over with her mother? Or are they still ruling the Macau kingdom? Do we know? I

0 (4m 12s):
I would assume the, I assume the, the caucus. That might be a red panda too. Oh, it might

1 (4m 17s):
Be a red pan. No, I think, believe it didn't say red panda. Yeah. Isn't it a red panda? That's what I was thinking it was.

0 (4m 22s):
They're one Nah, that looks like a red fox.

2 (4m 24s):
That looks like a fox. Like a fox And. it depends on, depends on what version. The David Attenborough version, the English version of Planet Earth or Fox. Fox. It's Fox Morgan Freeman version.

0 (4m 32s):
It kinda looks like a, a raccoon. They're

1 (4m 37s):
Sweet though. Cute.

0 (4m 38s):
Whatever it is. Sweet. Look at that thing. Standup about to give a little problem to an an or something. That rock wants a piece. Huh? I don't think so. Bitch. What you want? What Bitch? That's what I thought. That

2 (4m 48s):
Thing is sweet. We should get one for the office. Yeah,

0 (4m 50s):
Absolutely. We don't have it a red fox or a red panda. But I think we've, we need one of them.

1 (4m 54s):
Hopefully it's a red fox. 'cause pandas are being attacked right now on the internet. I don't know if you guys have seen that at all, but

0 (4m 60s):
Panda, panda, panda,

1 (5m 1s):
Panda, panda pandas are being pandas Deal. Basically the word is out that no pandas are real. And I'm not saying I believe in this. Okay? I am not, I'm not debut. Clearly saw I I'm, yep. Wasn't the first.

0 (5m 12s):
Now you're at buffet. Second round draft make for the New England Patriots. Darius j Butler is here. Don't be buying into this shit. Be

1 (5m 19s):
Doing this debut. Tell them what we saw. Because I can't tell them 'cause they'll think I'd believe it. You gotta tell 'em I didn't do debut. I didn't do my own research. Let

0 (5m 26s):
Is smarter you debut. I like put this back on

1 (5m 28s):
The tenfold cab. Okay, fine. I I'll say it. A lot of people just think that pandas aren't real And. that every single panda is a plant in that they're, they really don't exist from by the ccp Pandas from, yeah. I Look, I don't know about the CCP and what they're involved in here. Well,

0 (5m 45s):
I had learned that earlier this year. Remember all the pandas were getting shipped outta the United States of America back to Canada. That's right. China. Because we couldn't make an agreement on rental of their pandas in our zoos. I do believe there is a panda coming into town. But th if this isn't an, that's an animal. Yeah. What do you mean? That's, that's people's daily. Obviously those are real animals.

1 (6m 4s):
I, Hey, look, don't, this is not a bird situation where I, I actually actually believe in the birds not being real. Like this is a situation where I saw it. I said, there's no way Pandas aren't real. I I I need to believe in pandas for the rest of my life.

0 (6m 15s):
Imagine if those pandas just gone up, popped in that car in the back, drove the thing around town.

1 (6m 20s):
That's what they do. They're saying they're doing, I can't believe this came up. I really can't. But the red panda, it just happened to flow into it. So, so

0 (6m 27s):
We are sold. That is a red panda, not a red fox. Oh.

1 (6m 30s):
I believe So I have no

0 (6m 31s):
Idea. Shout out to the red panda. Red panda reel. Real panda knot. Is that what everybody's saying?

1 (6m 35s):
That's what, that's just the word of, you know, Steve, but I cannot believe you're even

0 (6m 39s):
A part of this.

1 (6m 39s):
See, I, I knew that he saw it. That's a Okay, so it is. Look,

0 (6m 43s):
Red Fox's guy told you wipe your ass. Right? The red fox was Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was a, I think I

1 (6m 48s):
Thought that's a Carfax

0 (6m 50s):
No that'ss. A report you get on your car. Right. But they're, they're the

1 (6m 54s):
Spokesman is a yes. Is a red fox. Red fox. Red

0 (6m 56s):
Fox. Yeah. Red Fox. Also a human, I think.

1 (6m 58s):
Oh yeah. Literally. Very comedian San Francis.

0 (7m 1s):
Yeah. White girl. Wipe your ass. B he gives a motivation. You gotta wipe your ass is his big thing. I think so. Maybe I just got excited to potentially reminisce about, oh, red Fox while I look at your ion planet Earth confusing me from red banner. Red fox. You. know that thing. Sure. It's gonna happen. Yeah. You'll, you'll see there'll be a coyote conversation for sure. Later. I know that's gonna take place. 'cause it's all video. The guy that's gonna be joining us here in a matter of moments. Definitely gonna bring it up. What? After the hammer. Cowboys turn digs here as we move away from animals. Sure.

1 (7m 29s):
Do we have to, I mean, someone find out. Just, just to, just to wrap this thing up. Someone find out these pandas are real. They are. They are real. I need, we can move on from that. It's over. I need to know.

0 (7m 39s):
Conversation over.

1 (7m 40s):
When was the last time you guys, you were, you know, face to face with the panda at the

0 (7m 43s):
Zoo? Well, they took 'em, they took 'em out of town.

1 (7m 45s):
So why exactly?

0 (7m 47s):
Because we were in the middle of, I believe quite a disagreement with the

1 (7m 50s):
Yeah. Recalibrate. Were they? Yeah. Were they calibrate? Come on. Get a little too close to these panda. Maybe. Were we getting a little too close to these pandas? Like wait, is there been killed a panda?

0 (7m 60s):
Anyways, it's not how today was supposed to store. Yeah,

1 (8m 2s):
Sorry. Hey, red Panda came up and then first thing I thought of, holy shit. People are saying Pandas are fake.

0 (8m 7s):
The internet's a beautiful place and our animal kingdom is also beautiful. It really is. you know, they, they get down out there. I'm not one to go mix. That is not, that is not, that is not actual pandas. No,

1 (8m 19s):
No, no. Those little, little one look at the little one really come. Does the little one not look like perhaps that there's a hint.

0 (8m 25s):
The little one is the one that looks like there's a human in there.

1 (8m 28s):
Hint of human. Alright.

0 (8m 30s):
Okay. The little one. Yeah. Alright, let's move along. Okay. Obviously our show is completely choreographed. Yep.

1 (8m 36s):
Look, see our season, we

0 (8m 37s):
Knew that was gonna happen. Okay.

1 (8m 38s):
People 1208. This is eight 30. Okay.

0 (8m 40s):
We got back into the United States of America yesterday at 2:00 AM or this morning at 2:00 AM Weren't able to exit the plane until 4:00 AM Oh, nice. Yeah. Yeah. A customs person was asleep. I guess nobody gave 'em a heads up. Had to wake up, get outta bed, take a shower, get to the place that we were sitting in a plane. Couldn't open the door because we're not, we're not registered back in the United States of America until we come through customs. Or at Montreal last night. They speak only French up there. That's wild. You know Kayla's an interesting place. Got some good wings. Sure. Got some good wings. Last time they were playing well.

1 (9m 10s):
Wings. Wings got wings on on the plate.

0 (9m 12s):
They were good. They weren't bad. Canada has a guy, has an interesting place. Montreal was an interesting place. Good people. 15,000 plus. Yeah.

1 (9m 20s):
The, the, oh, Henry Candies

0 (9m 22s):
Phenomenal. Tho

1 (9m 23s):
Tho those stole

0 (9m 23s):
The show. Tammy Horton. Phenomenal. These, oh, Henry Chocolate Peanut. Yeah.

3 (9m 29s):
That's they're crown jewel up there is O

0 (9m 32s):
Henry's. We were only there for one night. Okay. We dispensary was good too. We stopped by there real quick.

4 (9m 36s):
It was great. Well,

0 (9m 38s):
He had two dispensaries. Yeah.

4 (9m 39s):
Yeah. Okay. There was, there was stuff going on. But

0 (9m 41s):
Anyways, mercy Boku to all of real on Chante. And thank you so much to the immigrations officer that got outta bed to make sure we could get outta that plane this morning. We were staring down 6:00 AM 7:00 AM Oh, get there at two, five hours to sit on a plane you can't get off of on a tarmac with a bunch of people outside that you've met before that work at the airport. That can't You're sta yeah. Get all out in here. Yeah, I live here. No problems. Gonna Canada, no issues. None gonna Canada we're told like, Hey, when you're going in here, let's make sure we don't have any, you know, the stuff in you thing. I'm like, well, it's legal there. They're like, can't bring it in. Canada will shut it down. You ever hear about 21 Savage or any of these rappers that flying to Canada and then they get a full packed down on the plane, they're searching the thing and then all of a sudden you're banned for Canada forever.

0 (10m 26s):
We need that not to happen. That was like the riot act. We were getting red going to Canada. Oh yeah. So we fly up into Canada, we land in Canada, get ready for this entire thing. I was excited. Got nothing on me. Come, hey, Mount up. Right? Mount up, Mounties, come search this entire thing. We walk off the plane, they look at our passport, we get in a car, we're going, that's it. Two seconds. Not even a geez off plane, out of airport back in Indianapolis where we live, where the plane is from the United States of America. Two and a half hours last night waiting to get through customs. But we did it. We're back. It's great to be here and thank you to everybody that made that happen. But boy, today's gonna be a slap happy day. And I'm very excited about that. But what I do know today is, is a massive day for betting on the draft.

0 (11m 9s):
Yep. Because regs put out his mock draft. Now RAs is an Emmy award-winning morning show host for Good Morning Football. Will he remain with Good Morning Football whenever it goes to LA when it's back in six months from now? We hope. Please,

3 (11m 22s):
We'll see.

0 (11m 24s):
Regs is a New York guy. Yes. He is. Going to LA will be excited to see how that whole thing goes for NFL Network. But when TRAs puts out his mock draft, he's been the most accurate over like the last five years. That is a real thing. We've been tracking because our guy Mitt has been put out mock draft. He every single year has been the worst of all the mock draft. Yep. Shags has been the best out of all the mock drafters. He doesn't put out a lot of them, but whenever he says something, normally it's coming with a good piece of information. So whenever he releases his mock draft, the book start answering today, there's movement Yeah. On where these draft picks and what the odds are gonna be. Can we make some money off this, we think? Or what are our thoughts on gambling on the draft right now, Tony?

2 (11m 60s):
I mean, you, you can make some money for sure because the books know just as much as you do when it comes to these situations. We've talked about it before in the past where like games and stuff like that, the books, you know, they have their edges, they have their experts, they have the computers, they have all that. So it's hard there. But with the draft, the information that you know, is the exact same information that the books know. Unless they have some sort of insider that they're tied to which

0 (12m 21s):
Illegal.

2 (12m 21s):
Correct. Which they do not. They're not supposed to. Whatever. So they're, they're paying attention to re's mock drafts. They're paying attention to all the information that's released from Rap and Schefter and all this stuff. And they're gonna adjust their lines accordingly. Like last week,

0 (12m 36s):
For instance, what you're saying here about Jayden Daniels, yes. Adam Schefter stops on a podcast, hogs Haven, and says this right here.

5 (12m 44s):
Good luck to your commanders in the draft as well, man. Let brother, I, I think you go, I think you'll go get those Jayden dangle jerseys. I think he's gonna get there. Hey, look man, I'm about to get

0 (12m 55s):
One. Okay. Yeah. So Chapter Breaks news on Hogs Haven. Yep. We appreciate him doing that. And shout out to the Porter left hand, who are we? The

2 (13m 6s):
Commanders

0 (13m 7s):
Love that, love the podcast. I think it's implying old times of Washington football fanhood with Modern Day. I appreciate that. Shefter has never broken any news on our show. No,

2 (13m 17s):
None

0 (13m 17s):
The hell Chef. So we, now that we know Shefter can do that, that is certainly a thing we'll take into our next combo with him. But the book's moved immediately Correct. After Shefter said that on that podcast.

2 (13m 26s):
And then Craig's put his out today and he also has Jayden Daniels at number two as well. So that's like an another stamp on there. And it's minus 2 75 to go number two overall. But if you believe in that minus 2 75, if you're playing like a, a game, like a single game, let's, is, let's just say it's like Patriots versus Steelers. Okay. Minus 2 75 for the Patriots win Whoa. Like that's, that's, that's a, that's a, you're giving up a lot. You gotta pay $275 to win a hundred. Yeah. But in the draft, if you think it's, it's given, which it's not. Okay, we can't say that it's not a given. Nothing's ever a given. But you, you're willing to maybe spend that minus 2 75 to win there. The, the one at number four for Marvin Harrison Jr. Those ones got longer. Those ones, the, the chance upped USA for him to go number four to the cards.

2 (14m 10s):
But that's, if they don't trade out, like I'm not as as willing to put my money down on number four and the card's not trading out there because the hot talk of the draft and Drake's had it in his, he had the Giants going up to four to get JJ McCarthy. Like there's a lot of people shopping, I think for number four to go up to get a quarterback potentially. So that one I don't think is as you know, a lock people would say. But number two, if, if Chefy say, if Chefy Iss telling a podcast, if he's putting his name out there saying Hey, you could go get those Jay Daniels jerseys.

0 (14m 40s):
Drake's saying, you know, he's from New York. So him saying that the Giants are gonna be the ones that are gonna trade up to go get JJ McCarthy obviously a big swing in Intel. you know, that's a big swing in information. We'll remain the same from now until draft night. No, maybe we have no idea. I don't think any team has a clue exactly who they're gonna take except for maybe the first two. Everything else is so dependent on so much shit from now until then. There's so many debates happening in the behind the scenes of these teams scouts who, like a guy scouts who hate a guy GMs who maybe have a narrative. How about an owner? Ooh, an owner just dropping in outta nowhere saying, you know what? I've been watching a film and this is what I would like to do.

0 (15m 20s):
So many things can change. Daniel Jones had a press conference yesterday. He was eyes wide open to everything happening around him and a conversation with the team. Damn. He was asked about them potentially taking a quarterback in the first round. Here's his answer.

6 (15m 33s):
How would you feel if the Giants used their first round pick

0 (15m 36s):
Bright eye bushy team

6 (15m 37s):
On a quarterback? And have they looped you in at all to the possibility that they might do that? And, you know, Bring, him, Natty a challenger for your job.

7 (15m 48s):
Yeah, I mean, you know, my focus is, is what I'm doing here with my, with my rehab. you know, kind of the same thing with Saquon. It's, you know, the nature of our, of our business. It's a competitive league. So You know the best way to handle that, I think is to focus on, on what I'm doing. Focus on myself and making sure that I'm, you know, one healthy and then ready to play good football. So, you know, that's what I could control. That's what what I can do to, to help myself. Hell.

0 (16m 20s):
Yeah. Great answer there outta Daniel Jones. Mike Tomlin says, don't blink. you know, keep guys up. He certainly, that G had a quiet, big press conference whenever he came in for the jet. How about old Dan down at the Carolina Panthers gm? Yep. He looked like he may be nod on something that kept his eyes wide open. Yeah. What's Daniel Jones doing? He's just jacked up. You think whenever he is talking like that? 'cause it's hard to get past how creepy his eyes look. Every single word he saying. Yeah.

3 (16m 42s):
Every time I've watched that, I've watched a couple times this morning, it just kind of reaffirms the fact that guy cannot be your quarterback. You, you cannot go into the season with that guy as your quarterback.

0 (16m 51s):
They're paying him 40 million bucks a barrel.

3 (16m 53s):
I don't care. Eat it. Eat it, Mara. Just eat it. Burn it and go get a quarterback. That, I mean, that is what's he gonna do when he sees a rush coming at him.

0 (17m 2s):
Well that's, he sees it. That's what I'm saying. Wow. He's seemed to feel better now than ever. Look at his, they got a spotlight on his eyes. Come on bro. What the hell is going on with your quarterback there now I appreciate the way he, you know, handled the question and the answer. He understands the reality of the situation. What the hell is going on over there at the New York Football Giants pr They got this guy looking like he is. I'm,

8 (17m 24s):
I'm worried

0 (17m 26s):
Out of his mind.

8 (17m 27s):
I'm worried about the guy I, you know, I, I just hope everything's okay. I, I guess You know, maybe he is just locked in, laser focused but unsettling stuff. Really

0 (17m 37s):
Unsettling stuff As Bruce the Giants fan who's been through it for a while now and Day Bowl You know we see him in his antics. He gets to see Dana Jones behind. So you see, try to talk to this guy. His eyes are bugging. Exactly. You know like the Howard Stern show. They got that guy, whatever his name is or his eyes just pop out of his head or whatever. Yep. That's what our quarterback is. Nobody knows that he went to Duke because you think he's big smart guy. He's big strong fast. He's drinking beers with Zach Bryan songs. He's maybe a ping pong player on the internet. Nonetheless, whenever I look at this guy freaks me out 'cause he's not blinking and his eyes are touching my eyeballs. And. We're standing three feet away. What the hell is going on with Daniel J? You think he could be a winning quarterback in the NFL? Ooh. There's glimpses of it, right? Yeah. And he was being compared to Andrew Luck who we got to see. Yep. He's back. Chuck strong raising money for the eye cancer.

9 (18m 18s):
Terrible, horrible comparison.

0 (18m 19s):
Well that's what they said because he's big strong, fast smart. That's where red and, and there's moments where he's running and he looks You know like the,

1 (18m 27s):
And he's a white guy. Hmm. He nailed it. Okay. you know, let's just come on. He's

0 (18m 36s):
I see it now. I see it now. I couldn't put my finger on it.

1 (18m 39s):
Yeah, that I think that's the one.

0 (18m 41s):
That's one of them there. Yeah. All good. But they were You know there's those moments where he is running faster than everybody else in the field. There's moments where he's making good decisions but then there's him missing broadside of a barn. Yeah. Yeah. Then there's him throwing a pick. Then there's a fumble or a giveaway that's taking place at this stage in his career. Do we know, do we not know? Do they need to move on? And when he sees eyes that wide open, you think he's more locked in and focused than it

9 (19m 5s):
Before? I mean no, you know, the potential, potential firings one thing And he has all those tools like you mentioned the athleticism, the arm, obviously the brain coming from Duke and, and the coach there. But no, I don't see it at this point be in the beginning of his career it was the turnovers, you know, fumbling the pocket of bunch throwing picks. Now he hasn't been able to stay healthy. You gotta be able to stay health healthy and be available for your team re's draft. Got him Dr. you know, jumping up there JJ in the top five who's been hot this whole kind of off season. That was surprising. The other thing surprising from that mock draft was neighbors being the third receiver off the board. Yeah. Behind Rome. That was surprising to me as well. So it'll be interested. Yeah. Culture.

0 (19m 42s):
Yeah. Yeah. I think the cultures getting neighbors which is sick. Yeah. you know, well, don't like all these draft mocks, you know, have their thing. Jim EY might legitimately say I want Marvin Harrison Jr. Yeah. And just, well what do we need to do? What do we need to get up to? Probably four. Sweet. We're doing it. Dude, you happy? Hey Chris. Yeah. We need to get up there. You think of Marvin Harrison's playing for anybody else but the Indianapolis posts. True. And nobody's accounting for that. Yeah. Like Jim, her saying right now we, from what we're hearing in a good spot. Yep. Good place. And, we love to hear had baby Jim Hell.

1 (20m 9s):
Yeah. On Jim.

0 (20m 11s):
But what if Jim on Draft Night just decides to walk his ass in there with a couple of his boys. We've been talking Chris, Marvin, Harrison Jr's playing for the Colts and then all of a sudden all these draft boards that might have some information from some scouts that have been in meetings completely out the window. Yep. Because all of a sudden the person that owns the team is like, that's cute. Thank you for all your hard work. Yeah, I understand what you're doing. We, he's up on the ring of all, I don't know if you see his dad. He's right up there. And then he did an interview at the Combine where he is wearing Blue Louis Vuitton shoes and said he wishes he was playing in here. It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what we're doing. you know, those are things that can change. They have us taking a wide receiver, which is sweet. I'll be excited to see how it all pans out.

0 (20m 51s):
Daniel Jones though. Awesome presser dude man, I'm happy you're jacked up. I'm happy you're wide up rooting for him. I am too. I am too. I'm rooting for everybody. Yep. Especially you know, like you get paid that amount of money, it's easier to root against you, especially if you're not performing. Sure. For sure. Because like I every, Hey guy, he is a waste of money. This guy's ruining their team because salary cap is now screwed and they can't build up around him. And this guy's got no idea what he's doing now. He's not even healthy. So literally our money's just being thrown into the training room. So it's like a complete waste. But why not next year for Daniel Jones? Why not find it? You lose Saquon Barkley. Who cares What Now it's my show. Now it's me. Now I get Is Darren Waller playing? I mean, who knows? Who knows? We still don't know who we don't. He might, but if he plays, you got a good, good weapon.

0 (21m 31s):
If you don't, we're happy for Darren Waller. Yeah. Day Bowl seems to be very contained, right? Yeah. Big gear for him. Darren Waller Day Bowl. Oh yeah. Huge. Yeah. I, I think it's big, big year for everybody and that's why the eyes are wide open. Speaking of the eyes being wide open last night we got some news across our phones and if you're watching live, you got excited Hell. yeah. The w NBA draft happened last night and just like we motherfucking said it. Okay. Caitlyn Clark is now a member of the Indiana Fever.

10 (22m 2s):
Let's go

0 (22m 4s):
Captain Engelbert there. The w NBA commissioner, she made some announcements about expansion last night and she had a hell of a draft last night. Stars were hot, stars were out. And obviously Caitlyn Clark was number one of overall she was wearing Prada. Okay. First time Prada ever dressed in male or a female for a draft before. No deal. So shout to Kaitlyn Clark bringing Prada into, into the sports world. Obviously that's what Caitlyn Clark will do. Yeah. Immediately upon Kaitlyn Clark getting drafted to the fever. I got jacked up 'cause I said okay, now we can officially tweet. We'll see you Wednesday. Yep. Okay. We will see her tomorrow in here I believe 1230 Eastern, Caitlyn Clark will be joining the program. Cannot wait to chat with her about her mentality, her life and you know, the ripple effect that she causes to not only leagues and teams but cities.

0 (22m 46s):
Indianapolis is about to benefit from her coming here and getting drafted here. And we're very, very grateful for that. There was a watch party for the draft last night for the Indiana Fever. Yeah. She now for those of you that don't know the Las Vegas ACEs back to back champions, the New York Liberty have been in the finals. It's a big deal. Sure. Fever obviously have been around for a while, have history but haven't been as great over the last few years. Her teammates losing their mind. Yeah. The arena filled up just to announce that she's coming. And Caitlyn, we can't wait for you to get to this city. You Hallelujah. Boston are about to be a tag team that's about to knock the Las Vegas ACEs off of their dumb mountain they're living on now.

0 (23m 28s):
We have a lot of friends under the Las Vegas ACEs. Sure. We've been told numerous times. There's a chance. Las Vegas ACEs watching this show right now. Whoa, your time is up. Our time is up. Bingo. Bingo. Sorry about it. Now. Chicago Sky go with Bar Boso and Angel Reese. Oh yeah. Last night. Chicago Sky get big underneath obviously. But the W NBA has a lot of, you know, like we watch College Ball And, we see Barbs 6 4 8 down there, South Carolina outta Brazil. And it's like wow that is obviously a massive force underneath how, and then Angel Reese and her, there's a lot of videos of them banging underneath. You forget beast Stu is in W That's that's right. Beast. There is a lot in w NBA size. I'm excited for this next generation to come in actually got pumped up about the W NBA season, which is starting much sooner.

0 (24m 12s):
Yeah. Than you would imagine with the draft taking place here. And congrats to the w. Yeah. On the up and up. And this is what Kaitlyn, no offense. Okay, love Angel Reese sweet dress with the hood. Yep. Yeah.

3 (24m 26s):
Oh yeah. Great.

0 (24m 27s):
Looks sweet. Oh yeah, everybody last night. Sweet looks Paige bucket's. Sweet. Yep. Fantastic. Kate Martin, get Cameron Bri sweet knife for everybody. This is the ratings monster. Yeah. Right here. And if she continues to do what she's doing for women's basketball, I think she'll be able to sleep soundly at night knowing that she's getting paid 78 grand next year, four years, $333,000 total contract coming into the W NBA laughable. And everybody's like, well she'll make money doing other stuff. It's like, well how about the amount of money she's about to make for the owners of the W NBA? It's like, well she's doing good for the sport. It's like if in the NFL this happened, every media member would be attacking this shit out the NFL for taking advantage of a talent.

0 (25m 16s):
For taking advantage of a money machine. But instead I enjoy the fact that everybody's kind of all in, including Caitlyn. Like good for the game. This is good for the game. Yep. Good for the league. Shout out to her, shout out to the next generation and shout out to the w NBA 10 years from now being something that'll be even bigger. Oh yeah. You know. More profitable. Hopefully in something in my daughter Mackenzie who is putting balls in hoops already, here we go. At 11 months, she's a lefty too, so, okay. you know we got sound wiggle too. Yep. It'll be something she could aspire to get into and be real profession making very good money because they're about to sell out arenas everywhere. She sold out her jerseys. I mean she made up her contract in 22 minutes last night. Yeah. For the Indiana Fever.

0 (25m 57s):
And she wasn't even in Indianapolis yet. So good for the game, good for Caitlyn, great for Indianapolis. And we're grateful for

3 (26m 2s):
It. Yeah, I'm sure the ratings from last night too, like they were doing the, the last two years, like last night was the first time they ever sold tickets to the W NBA draft. I think they sold out in 22 minutes. And like you said, like who knows what kind of cut she's getting from like the Jersey sales. But I assume those are going for anywhere from like 80 to a hundred bucks a pop. Every jersey from extra small to double XL sold out last night immediately. Like it just is crazy. It really seems like there's no, there's no ceiling on like what she can do for this league. Like, I mean, you know, people are saying, hey, if she doesn't play well right away, then that's gonna be a thing and it's gonna kind of, you know, curtail this or whatever. Like she's already sold out everything next year hasn't played once yet.

3 (26m 42s):
She's selling out all of her jerseys. Like she, she's kind of already really done. Like the boon that has like the W NBA is, is a much, much, much, much bigger deal now than it was. you know,

0 (26m 55s):
We're not saying, we're not saying that the basketball level. No. Okay. No, we understand that the sport, the W NBA basketball level is very high. Very high. Very high. What we're getting a chance to watch it actually now. Did my interest get peaked because of what happened last year in March Madness? Sure. To women's basketball as a whole. Yes. No, I'm sorry Sue me. Don't actually shout out Brett Far. You watch W NBA though. We got Hey wiggle. There he is. We got real, Hey it's a good league. Very good. Great league. Yeah. And you know the shit talk that's taking place? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. From the younger gener. The older generation to the younger generation. Like you're gonna have to earn it in this entire thing. And the younger generation is like, excuse me, we're bringing the brink truck.

0 (27m 36s):
Okay. Yeah. We understand. You laid the foundation, you made this game great. You guys are great. But also how about I thank you for everything we're bringing. Yeah. That Caitlyn's gonna get every single but everybody's best shot every single night in the w NBA. And I think it's only gonna up the level of play throughout the entire, and

9 (27m 52s):
Like you mentioned, they've w has had the stars and they've had the talent, but this is this box office, you know, this is bringing eyeballs. And then what you also need in sports are like the narratives, the personalities, the storylines behind it. All the other sports. NFL, NBA, we all have it. So now that it's coming more so to the forefront with the w I'm excited about the future for sure. Yeah.

0 (28m 11s):
Speaking of storylines, it is time to get to why today is called Brock party Tuesday Hell. yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, this man went from the last pick in the draft, Mr. Irrelevant, to leading the San Francisco 49 ERs to the Super Bowl in just two years out of Iowa State. An absolute legend, ladies and gentlemen. Brock Purdy, how are you? B'S up guys. Hey, it is doing good. It is an honor to have you on This program. I wanna let you know we're big fans over here. What you have accomplished in such a short time in the way that you've done it, in the demeanor in which you've handled it all.

0 (28m 57s):
Hey, we love a good Brock party. We love you man. We're big fans. I hope you know that and feel the love from over here.

12 (29m 4s):
Nah, I appreciate it. Yeah, I've had family and friends send over clips from you guys and I appreciate all the love and support, so it means a lot.

0 (29m 10s):
Hey, okay, well we got, we got a nice deer right there across your chest. I know today's a big day. Okay, because a few months back I think we saw you, you know, taking a tractor another round, another round, another round. But today we're making this thing official, right? You're officially partnering with John Deere. Is that accurate?

John Deere (29m 34s):
Yes sir. We're doing a, we're doing a campaign right now. So basically they've created a, a chief tractor officer job. It's a real job and all you gotta do is, is submit a video on the John Deere website to apply. And what it is, is basically you become the face of John Deere on social media. So real job, if you want it, it's out there. You take videos and, and do all the behind the scenes work of farmers and the tractors in John Deere. You, you do the dirty work. So it's a real thing. CTOs trying to get Kneehigh by the 4th of July. That's right. That could be you. I mean, what a gig. This sounds like a dream for somebody. Numerous people that I know are gonna try to get actual job actually being paid. Yes sir. Yeah, it's a real, real job and everything. So it's, I think it's a year contract, but dude, you get to go around the whole country and and and live the life. So As we know though, every contract's day to day That's right. Every contract's day to day, you gotta put your best foot forward every single day and continuing to prove it and earn it. Shout out to you and shout to John Deere Getting it by the way. Shout John Deere. I always do. That's awesome. And we're big John Deere fans as well. This is almost a Yeah, always we're climaxing as this entire conversation is going.

0 (30m 43s):
Let's talk about you now and the reason why John Deere wants to partner with you. And, we saw you I think on first take last week. And it didn't work 'cause you didn't have any service. You out in the middle of the field, but I think it was with like Toyota or Honda. What, what, what was it?

12 (30m 57s):
Toyota? Yes sir.

0 (30m 58s):
Okay. So Toyota, John Deere. I assume there's gonna be others. And this is something that happened with Russell Wilson years back because he was a fourth rounder. So his contract obviously nowhere near the same as other people. What you were getting paid because you're a seventh round pick, Mr. Irrelevant versus whatever other starting quarterback's in paid. We're happy to see you getting your cash. Okay, happy to see that. Now with that being said, why do you think you are able to just kind of drop in there and figure it out? Shanahan's offense is obviously a lot, there's a lot of things going on, a lot of things happening. There's number three overall picks that couldn't handle that offense. There's other people that haven't been able to handle that offense. You come in here and you're the most efficient seemingly quarterback that Kyle Shanahan has ever had in the offense.

0 (31m 40s):
Why do you think that's the case and why do you two seem to have it down and why is that offense hum whenever you're in there, you think Brock

12 (31m 47s):
Man, I mean it's not all me. I've, I've had really good coaches around me, like Greasy and Kubiak, those guys, they, from day one, they invested their time to teaching me. So that, that's first. But other than that, man, it's just been a, it's a grind of studying. It's like another language with this offense and you can never be too familiar with it. Like it's always gonna be where you have to continue to learn it and grow with it. But I don't know, ch just been able to break it down to me and And for me. I, I've learned so much just in football in general, just how he thinks and processes things. And so we've clicked in that regard. And then obviously I just go out there. I try to keep it simple for how complicated the offense is and distribute it to the guys that are all around me.

12 (32m 27s):
I got dudes around me. So well put all those things together and you have some success. Well,

0 (32m 33s):
The dudes around you and as you continue to chat here, you do look like a 12-year-old, I mean a little bit. This baby face, this baby face is phenomenal. I look like I'm 50. I have looked like I'm 50 since I'm like 15. You have the opposite thing kind of taken over. As you get older, you're looking younger, but when you talk about the dudes around you that's kind of been held against you and have you heard all the noise and all the chatter about how they judge you and I, I think our big takeaway is like, not only is he Mr. Irrelevant, so let's not even that conversation's done whatever greatest Mr irrelevant of all time. Not even a question, but you are a rookie handle in business. It's like this is a young quarterback doing things, going into big games and operating in high level and then second year you back it up yet again and, but you still have a lot of people just bearing you on a regular basis.

0 (33m 18s):
Do you hear that? Do you try to keep it out? How can you, in the modern world and what are your thoughts on how you've been judged since you got into the NFL?

12 (33m 26s):
Yeah, I mean it's a thing, obviously it's part of the sport and I'm not saying, oh, woe is me or anything like that. I mean, it's part of it man, and, and people are always gonna have a talking point and that's fine. But for me, man, all I care about is the respect with the guys in the locker room, with the coaches, the staff, the organization and, and they see, you know, how I handle business here and, and how I perform In games and what's on the film rather than just feelings and opinions and emotions. You turn on the film, like there's, there's plays being made. There's a guy that's playing quarterback for what it is. And, and, and that's how, that's how I look at it. And as long as we're winning games, dude, it really don't matter.

12 (34m 6s):
Like I just, I keep it simple and and we just keep moving the ball forward, And that, that's how I look at it. But it's part of it. So.

0 (34m 14s):
Amen. you know, you're a check down king, but your yards per attempts, like number one in the league. Yep. So, I, you know, everything kind of is hypocritical to itself in the middle of the argument. And I have, I'm very happy that you have the mental toughness to kind of just keep forging forward. How do you continue to develop? What do you continue to get better at? Obviously you have this keyhole accuracy. I mean, you pull, now Ty Schmidt will ask you a question in a matter of moments, said you can never beat Iowa, but that's neither here nor there. Soon as you get this, that's what he's, that's what he'll say. He, he, I'm just telling you, he's, you can prepare for that. I know you're a big prepared guy. It's coming, it's coming right down the pipe there. But you put the ball right in a keyhole. Whenever you have to make an audible or read a defense, you do it, you throw the ball deep, you throw the ball short.

0 (34m 56s):
I you right there on the money. Let's follow the Niners again on Instagram maybe, but like through all of it, you know, what do you continue to work at to get better and what does this off season look like for you?

12 (35m 7s):
Yeah, I mean it's, dude, it's an evolution, you know, just with your body in the NFLI mean there's obviously continue to work on my arm and, and just mobility with my body itself and maybe just get a little bit more agile with speed and, and all that. But physically, you know, there's always gonna be more room for, for improvement. And so that's where I'm attacking this off season. Then just the playbook, like I said, man, it's, it's something that you gotta continue to study and work at and to get better with how Kyle sees the game. Man. If, if you're on point with who's calling the plays and, and why he's calling 'em, then I feel like You know our relationship can continue to grow And then we can be really be a dominant force in this league.

12 (35m 48s):
So that's where I'm at. There's never, you can never get comfortable in this league. You'll get, you'll get exposed real quick and so it's always You know, find that chip on your shoulder and and continue to push, push, push. So that's where I'm at. Yeah,

0 (36m 0s):
Niners faithful is gonna be pumped to hear that. Obviously everything you've done since you've gotten the job as a starting quarterback for the Niners has just been like, yep, that's what we, yep, yep. That's what we're looking for as a young buck, especially when it doesn't have a lot of money. I think you're, you have money, you're paid very well, I get it, but I think you're splitting roommate, you have a roommate splitting Lisa and everything like that as this young guy, has it been tough in that locker room full of dudes as a quarterback to be the leader? Because a quarterback, you're immediately put in a leadership role. You're the one who has to tell the plays. You're the one that has to get on people's ass. We saw you get a little fiery. I think George Kittle even told us, like, I saw Brock, like get after a couple people and George was like, I need to see that. Like, that is what I need to see. Has it been difficult to be like a guy that just wants to make team guy that's not been really handed anything and then all of a sudden it's like, hey, we need you to be a leader of adults here, not just adults, some of the highest paid guys that almost every single position.

0 (36m 53s):
Has that been an easy transition for you and how do you handle all of that?

12 (36m 57s):
I mean, since I, I got here day one, it's been about, you know, how can I, you know, show these guys that I can play and earn their respect and not come in with the puffed out chest saying I'm the guy, follow me. It's been a process. It was obviously came in as a third guy, then the backup and then starter. So, but how I've handled my process hasn't changed. And I think the guys respect that. And I'm a guy that wants to help serve this team and, and help win at all costs. But before, even when I was backup all the way till now is a starter. It's been the same thing. So they know that they feel it and they get, so once I got thrown into the role, man, they've gotten behind me, And. we were like, all right, this kid wants to win and he's, he's capable of leading us. So it sort of was about like the way I just, I I carried myself rather than all the, the Rob Ross stuff.

12 (37m 41s):
So, but yeah, it's, it's different. 'cause I was the last draft pick to, obviously now we're leading this team and, and you got so many veterans like Fred Warner, George Kittle, juice, all these guys that have been here for a while and now all of a sudden like, I gotta like, you know, go in the huddle and, and lead 'em and tell 'em what to do kind of thing. And so, but they've been great with it, man. They've got behind me and I got, you know, just some, some dudes that they wanna win and so do I and that's the, that's the ultimate goal. So in that regard, it's been, they've made it easy for me.

0 (38m 10s):
Do you feel like when Bosa came up to you, he's like, how, how do you do it? Like I'm the number one overall pick and like I get nervous and you know, how, how you do you have you always been to Stone Cold Killer, legit in those massive games, you play your best football. Has this been your entire life? Do you think like you were just built differently? Do you look back in a moment like maybe when you were a kid playing like youth baseball where they're throwing way too much, way too much Pitchers are throwing way too many pitches at the young age. Jeff Passin wrote a book on it. He did do it. Okay. It's ruining elbows in the MLB. But anyway, is there any moment where you look back where you've always had like kind of this stone cold killer mentality?

12 (38m 53s):
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. Growing up and stuff, there's been moments in little league and high school where, you know, there was some, some big plays that I made in moments, but I, and obviously there's been plays that don't go my way. So it's You know. Do you get too high with it? Do you get too low with it? It's a game, it's four quarters and So for me it's been about You know and it's a long season too, so it's been about, dude, how can I continue to get better? How can I enjoy the little wins and learn from the losses? But guys feed that they feel it. And obviously like in that moment Boa Boa was just like, dude, what? Like, how the heck do you do it? But yeah, the

0 (39m 28s):
Alien bro, like, what's going on? Because I get nervous and I'm he's a specimen That's a jungle cat. Yeah, that dude's a jungle cat

12 (39m 37s):
Dude. Different day one I got here in my rookie year and everyone's like, bro, just wait, wait till you see Bosa come in and report. And I'm like, all right. He came walking and I was like, oh my gosh, I never seen someone that big. Never

0 (39m 49s):
Seen a human built like that. Yeah, like my first day in the building I saw Robert Mathis shirtless headphones in jumping rope and he like didn't break a skip for like 15 minutes straight. I'm like, what's wrong with that? Yeah, I'm in the same, I'm in the same team as that guy. I, I don't know if that's necessarily the right moves in the saw. Ty Schmidt has a question for you. Brock.

3 (40m 9s):
Yeah, Brock Pat mentioned it. I'm an Iowa grad so You know it, it pains me a li I mean listen, it's really cool seeing what you've done with the Niners, but it does pain me a little bit knowing that you were never able to beat Iowa and you know, people are always gonna bring that up. They're always gonna talk about that no matter how many Super Bowls you win, no matter what you do, people are kind of always gonna point to that and say, Hey, this guy could never beat Iowa. But that's, I know

0 (40m 32s):
That Brock, I don't think that's

3 (40m 33s):
True. Well, I'm just saying, I don't think I'm gonna bring said I definitely will. I definitely will. So while I love gassing you up and watching you play, I will always be talking about that, but that's neither here nor there. I am curious though, playing all those games at Iowa State, like now with the draft, a lot of people are talking about how if you're not one of those, you know, top 10 guys, how important it is that you play all those games as opposed to some of these guys who are getting drafted high and they might need a year or two to kind of develop before they're actually ready to play. Because you started so much, like how much do you attribute that to your success and being able to, like when you were called upon that first year, just jumping right into things and, and no moment was too big and, and you were kind of just ready to go right away?

12 (41m 16s):
Yeah, I mean it's huge just the reps that you get, the defenses that you see, the just all of it. The moments that you're in from the beginning of a game to the end or a two minute drill, all that stuff, man, there's, it's, I think it's crucial just in terms of development, you know, seeing a defense and being able to handle the pressures of You know success during this, during a year, the losses, all of it, man, there's so much that goes into playing this position at at quarterback and so, you know, when I got thrusted in the role, like yes, we're in the NFL, it's on another level and I'm not taking any way anything away from that that's, it's legit and it's real. But I sort of sunk back into, all right, dude, I played four years of legit power five football and you know, I, I faced a lot of things and I could go back to those experiences and, and be ready for, you know, big games and stuff in the NFL as well.

12 (42m 9s):
But I, I think it's huge for development, man. You see guys like leaving early and stuff and I'm not taking that away from them, but guys that see a lot of football and play and develop I think can translate to the NFL and, and be ready to play quicker. So

0 (42m 22s):
Don't you think it helps immensely whenever you have like a bad couple weeks too, like getting out of a drought, like having enough self-belief that You can get out of it because what last year Deebo out Trent out, right? Cleveland and then that was when they started killing you like, yep, this is, this is what we thought Brock was, this is what all the scouts were saying that Brock was. But then all of a sudden you flip a switch on the other side of it. It's like, that doesn't define me just 'cause I had a couple weeks where I wasn't necessarily throwing the ball as perfect as I had. I'm gonna be able to bounce back. Do you think that's because of how much football you played in the past?

12 (42m 52s):
A hundred percent. Man. It's, if everything's going perfect, you know, from college to the NFL, you're winning all these games, man. Like that's, I think it's easier to You know, get away with some things, but dude, if you go through stuff and you have some adversity in your life and then you face that three game losing streak that we had or whatever, like that's when the, the real person of you comes out and, and people really see, see you for who you are. So I think it's crucial man to go through some adversity and and be able to rely and go back to that down the road and, and I don't know, man, it just shapes you, it helps you and no matter what, what people say,

0 (43m 23s):
Shout to Hawkeyes, I guess. Yeah,

3 (43m 25s):
Absolutely. Face a lot of adversity,

0 (43m 26s):
I would say. Yeah, shout that. I didn't even think about that until we kind of pieced it together.

3 (43m 31s):
Bingo. You're welcome. You're welcome. Brock.

0 (43m 34s):
Yeah, I'm sure

12 (43m 35s):
I'll, I'll pray for you Hawkeyes, man,

0 (43m 38s):
Get on that zone, deer and pray to the heavens that the Hawkeyes can get a first down maybe next year. That'd be great. Tone has a question for you. Brock.

2 (43m 45s):
Yeah, Brock. I don't think your athleticism is talked about enough. Why's that? Well, I'm not sure if you know, but you have the same 10 yard split as Christian McCaffrey. Whoa. Okay. He plays on your team. Not sure if you know him. He's really athletic, so that means you're really athletic. And then in that Lion's game, you just took over with the, with the feet. Have you thought about throwing for 4,000 and rushing for a thousand as well this season? Like why, why we need to get outta the pocket a little bit more, don't you think? Yep.

12 (44m 12s):
I mean, if it happens, it happens. Scramble, drill, all that. I'm all for it. But hopefully Kyle's watching this And, we can put in some zone read and have a couple more

0 (44m 21s):
House's. Not watching this, but we're certainly trying to clip it and send it to the Niners people. I like the thought of Brock, Purdy reading the end. Could you? Oh, oh, Brock. You got a little wiggle too, we saw in Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. You got a little wiggle basketball player or no?

12 (44m 35s):
Nah, just baseball.

0 (44m 37s):
How, what position? Pitcher?

12 (44m 39s):
Yeah. Pitch and played third.

0 (44m 41s):
Did you have some nasty shit? Did you have some nasty shit? Hot quarter?

12 (44m 44s):
I was controllable for sure. So I controlled the game.

0 (44m 47s):
So like most NFL quarterbacks, you know, you ask 'em if they played baseball, they just, I don't wanna say they assumed they could've went professional as baseball players, but I think a lot of us just assumed that they could. Could you have done the baseball route if you would've went that way, you think?

12 (45m 2s):
Yeah, I think, I mean, not to make a bull claim or anything, but you know, I think I could've You know gone D one and, and then make a run at it for the pros. But you know, after my sophomore year in high school, I was like, all right, I'm playing football. So that's just how it went. I

0 (45m 16s):
Like that. It's a bold claim. Who cares? We'll never be proved. Yeah. Could have been, could have been. We do it every day. You should say. I just, I make bold claims all the time. That would never be able to be proven. That's awesome. It's a pretty sweet little gig actually. Darius has a question for you. Brock.

9 (45m 27s):
Yeah, Brock you just mentioned kind of that, that read option, maybe putting a little bit more of that in the offense. You got one of the best combos, the head coach in the GM positions. I know you're only going until your third year, but how much input do you have on that offense with Kyle throughout the week and then in the off season, maybe any input with the roster with John Lynch? I know you are young one top receiver, one of the most coveted receivers right now with iu, obviously some things going on. So any input there on those regards to the offense and obviously the roster?

12 (45m 56s):
Yeah, I mean, to answer your first question, just, you know, as, as I've played more and more that he asked me, You know, like what I'm comfortable with and what I'm not. But man, at the same time, I I'm, I'm still learning. And so he just comes to me, obviously puts in the offense through the week and, and I'm all for it and I'm all ears and I'm learning, but then I'm like, all right, like I'm, I'm not really comfortable with this. Let's not run it, let's run more of this. So he listens for sure, which is, is awesome. And then in terms of like the roster input and stuff, man, if you just look at the history of, of Lynch and Kyle and Jed York, everybody, they You know they've done a great job with putting the right roster together and having success. Oh yeah. And making runs at Super Bowls So for me, you know, that's, that's above my pay grade.

12 (46m 39s):
And, and, but I trust in what they do and obviously like, just with this whole IU thing, man, it's, you know, I, I was just grateful that I was able to throw to 'em and, and be a teammate with Ba So, I love him and I want the best for 'em. But like I said, it's outta my pay grade for the business side of things.

0 (46m 56s):
Well, not if we put the John Deere contract in there. Yeah, true. Yeah. If we put the John Deere money in there, then the pay grade all of a sudden a little bit different. Yeah, right. All of a sudden we're at a different ladder, aren't we? Toyota? Oh yeah. Add that in there. Terrible phone service though. He didn't get two words out there. No. Nope. Skims. I think he's doing skims too. What? You're a skim. No

12 (47m 13s):
Way. Oh, no, no, no, no. That's

0 (47m 16s):
Huh.

12 (47m 17s):
That's Bosa.

0 (47m 20s):
That's smart not to do that. Yeah, Bosa is doing that. It's smart not to get in that. Yeah, probably in the same locker room because we're already, we're already talking about that entire thing. I do appreciate though that, you know, you're like, Hey, I'm just, I'm still very young trying to learn this. I have to be a leader. That's a lot of delicate balances. You know politically behind the scenes in the locker room. Gotta make sure everybody has balls, you know? 'cause you used, talk about all the weapons you have. Gotta make sure everybody's happy and keep them happy and everything like that. You're doing a fantastic job. That's why like legit, anybody saying anything negative has no idea the job that you have to do. I will say though, do you think watching Jimmy work for a little bit, you gotta see like a veteran quarterback behind the scenes in the locker room, in the meeting room, maybe telling Kyle, I don't like this play.

0 (48m 3s):
Do you think that was a benefit to your entire thing watching Jimmy work?

12 (48m 7s):
A hundred percent man. Just obviously the preparation that goes into this offense and seeing You know Jimmy the way he handled it and, you know, going out to the, on the field and not trying to win every single play, but, you know, make the right play over and over again. And then his fundamentals, all of it, man, the, the good and the bad that comes from playing this position at this organization with the history that the Niners have had at quarterback. So just seeing, seeing it firsthand and, and how Jimmy handled all of it, man, was, was huge for me. So And obviously I didn't get my opportunity until week 13. So I had a whole season really to, to see how he handled it. So I'm, I'm very thankful and grateful for, for Jimmy

0 (48m 45s):
George kiddo's happy that he got dropped in there too. Remember it was as soon as he got. Oh, oh yeah, we're in Seattle. I think I saw the Seattle game in Seattle. George had two Todds, I think he had one like the first drive. He went down there and went crazy. It was like your connection with him was immediate. What an electrifying human being, George Kiddo is. How good does it feel to have that psychopath on your side? Legit?

12 (49m 5s):
Nah, dude. He, he does such a good job with just obviously reminding all of us that dude, we're playing a game, man. We love this game. And he's like a kid still And. we, but I love it. And, and playing tight end dude, I think is probably the second most, you know, intense position. Just be behind the quarterback. Like they have to know everything. The run game, the pass game, they gotta make catches, they gotta make blocks. And George brings all that to the table and he is the best in the league at it. And so, and then obviously he's a, he's a psycho when you get in the ball and he scored touchdowns and in interviews, but that's real. That's who he is, man. And, we love him. Yeah,

0 (49m 36s):
I forget. I asked him, I was like, wouldn't that game where you like call ball ran through a guy? I do it every game. Yeah. Hey, hey, you're right George. You're right. I was wishing George would get in the ring at WrestleMania. His vibes are always immaculate. I could imagine that day to day he lifts some. Connor has a question about the season we're in right now. Yeah.

1 (49m 52s):
Brock obviously right now, You know it's combine and draft season rather. And as pick 2 62 and a pro Bowler You know that everything that's being talked about is a hundred percent true. And all the players that they're projecting are going to be exactly how well they are depending on where they're drafted. But when you're going through, you know, the draft process and you're hearing things being said about you, how do you kind of stay locked in? And and did you do anything specific to kind of block all that stuff out? And for the kids doing it now, is there anything that you would tell them like, Hey, if, if you do go 2 62, it's not the end of the world. There, there is hope on the other side

0 (50m 27s):
Of that draft pick. Yeah. Only like one or two guys in the industry, but yeah, there is hope. There is hope for sure. Rock for sure.

12 (50m 34s):
Yeah. I think You know, for me, I always knew like, dude, what? Wherever I go, no matter how I get there, like that's all that matters. Like what I do when I get there. And So I kept that in mind. Ryan Fitzpatrick told me that, you know, before the day three, day three started of the draft And. that was so true though, man. Like, it didn't matter how I got there. And the minute I got here, it was all about, all right dude, how can I, you know, find an edge? How can I continue to learn this playbook? How can I compete and, and show these guys here that I belong and all the, the talk of, should he get drafted here, here? Like, none of that matters, man. It it, what matters is when you get here and you, you make the team and, and you win games. And that's how I've looked at it. You know even before I got drafted.

12 (51m 15s):
And that's how I still look at it. So

0 (51m 16s):
Yeah, once you get in the building, you have an opportunity. Now there's certainly a head start if you're drafted early. Yeah, the bank account, the house, the car, the setup, you know, but none of them are driving John Deere's to work. you know that, that's, that's right. It's a little different down there at 2 62, I think I saw a video, probably the commercial shoot for John Deere that you're definitely, unless you're just driving around a fucking tractor around San Francisco, you saved a reporter. A coyote was coming during a John Deere shoot, a coyote started tracking down a local CBS reporter and her dog in Brock Purdy. Yeah. Here's, here's the video right here. It they, sorry, it's a photo. They spell your name wrong on the right corner.

0 (51m 57s):
P'S Pru's new gig. Don't love that, don't love that. Back on his tractor. But this lady right here, I watched this video this morning, she said, I, I just so happened. I just happened upon Brock Purdy and a couple offensive linemen and John Deere tractors in the middle of San Francisco. And funny story, I was walking my dog away and I hear Brock Purdy yell Coyote, I turn around. Biggest coyote I ever seen was stalking me and my dog or whatever. You saved a life. You saved a dog. You shot a John Deere tractor commercial in San Francisco. You're pick 2 62 leading a team in the Super Bowl in your second year. You're a magic man. Brock, keep going brother. We appreciate the hell outta you.

12 (52m 32s):
Appreciate you guys. Yeah, I can't believe that that was a real thing. But yeah, she walked by and then sure enough, she said she's a news anchor. And I was like, dude, I just saved a news anchor's life from getting eaten by a coyote. But it's real man. I can confirm it. So

0 (52m 44s):
She said that Coyote was like the biggest, she said like, big ass, I didn't know San Francisco had Coyote. The hell was going on over there.

12 (52m 51s):
I didn't either, dude, we're shooting this commercial by a hill on the outside of the city and I see this thing, you know, trotting by And. it had a long tail. I was like, bro, it looks like a mini wolf. And sure enough, I like no one was gonna scream. And I was like, all right. And So I screamed and I was like, yo, there's a coyote. And that thing, that thing went running off. But yeah, it could have been an ugly day on the, on the shoot, but we saved her.

0 (53m 12s):
Hey, that's Brock Purdy football. That's right. That's Brock Prudy football out there. PR Prudy. Hey, we appreciate the hell outta you man. Enjoy OTAs and congrats on the John Deere deal. Let's find a CTO. Yeah.

2 (53m 27s):
Yep,

12 (53m 29s):
That's right. Let's find it. I appreciate you guys. Thanks for all the love and support too.

0 (53m 32s):
Hey, here's him getting into each tractor.

2 (53m 34s):
Oh, I love it. Hey,

0 (53m 36s):
Wow. Hey, you're dressed. you know, you look like every time you put something on to go to the the game or just walk about life, you know, everybody's gonna be like, look at this basic as accountant about to go for 300 yards against you. you know that, you know that Brock.

12 (53m 52s):
Yeah. No, it's, it's a thing. But I love it dude. It's a good little mantra.

0 (53m 56s):
Look how cool you look just walking in and out like some professor's class just walking in stadium about to hang 400 yards on your team. Yeah. And I'm gonna walk outta here and hop in my John Deere tractor. Amen. We appreciate the hell outta you brother. Ladies and gentlemen. Brock party. Congrats buddy.

2 (54m 11s):
Yeah,

9 (54m 12s):
Bro.

0 (54m 13s):
I love that man.

2 (54m 14s):
Yeah. What a beast.

0 (54m 15s):
He's so young. So cool. They were judging him against like Patrick Mahomes, Tom Brady. Oh yeah. That means you're doing something good. Yeah. That means you're doing something good whenever they're doing that. But it's like, I don't think people have been very fair to Brock Purdy. No. And I think it's because expectations of Brock Purdy because scouts and Sure You know Mel Kuper of the world. Right? Yeah. you know, didn't have 'em highly. So everybody's trying to prove that entire process right during this draft. And Brock party's like, ah, just get me in the building. I'll do my thing. What a perfect match for this offense. And what a start to an NFL career for

9 (54m 47s):
This guy. He has been awesome. Everything you want from a quarterback on the field off the field. He's been perfect to your, to your point, the expectations getting drafted. He was drafted where Trade Lance was drafted. He would have a different, completely different narrative. A MVP. Oh for, yeah, for sure. So for him, I just wanted to just keep going. I'm sure he will. Basically talking to him, watching him from a distance, I'm sure he'll keep going and keep getting better.

0 (55m 7s):
Not a bad time to check out some highlights of Brock Purdy as we wrap this thing up.

2 (55m 12s):
Dodge

0 (55m 13s):
Iuk. What? Hey listen, is Iuk

2 (55m 16s):
Look out Uhoh. Is that you?

0 (55m 19s):
Cols would love to have Iuk. you know what I mean? Patriots. I mean, granted, he and Brock Purdy are a magical pair. There's a lot of, I mean him and George, I saw George WrestleMania. He's so big, so strong, so cool, so, so uplifted. Yeah, he's

2 (55m 33s):
Very too, him

0 (55m 34s):
And Travis Kel. Right. We, we talked to Travis Kel and we're like, Hey, are you always good vibes guy? And he's like, always dude. Like it's, you know, they say Cop half full mines cop fountain. Yeah, I'm a fountain of energy. He said I wanna be a fountain of E. It feels like George Kittle is the same exact way. I think you have to be at that tight. Yeah,

2 (55m 50s):
We had the two. Oh yeah. Gimmick going with George all night long, both nights. And then the whole section started getting into it. you know, obviously if, if you weren't there, the one two kick out for three, it was awesome.

0 (56m 1s):
All that. Yeah. you know, there was two guys dressed as refs last night in Montre front row. Okay.

2 (56m 5s):
Good luck. Good luck.

0 (56m 6s):
Good luck. I slow count out of them. Couple two. Sure. You know up there.

9 (56m 10s):
Guy George dressed as a ref.

2 (56m 12s):
Yeah, the guy next to him. I don't know if he was with George, but he was Oh he was invested right behind

0 (56m 17s):
You. I enjoy. Oh yeah, I saw him

2 (56m 19s):
A couple times. Yeah. Both nights.

0 (56m 20s):
I saw him a couple times to turn around and saw him. You look good dude. You got the CINA shirt once. Threw it out. I'm gonna be completely transparent. WrestleMania weekend, kind of just all a blur. Oh yeah. It was a week ago

1 (56m 31s):
Ago.

9 (56m 31s):
You had a lot going on.

0 (56m 32s):
Yeah. Last week. Been a few different countries since then. you know what I mean? Last night you felt like an international Oh it was. Or you were in Europe. We were in Europe last night. Yeah. Completely different. Still driving on the right side of the road, which I did not expect. They might as well just toss that thing on the left. Agreed. It was wild out there. Full French. Everything. Great time though. We appreciate 'em. 15,000 strong in the Bell Center.

14 (56m 58s):
The 2024 NFL draft heads to Detroit. And it's time to see who gets the job. Caleb is a unique

0 (57m 4s):
And special talent throwing

14 (57m 6s):
The football. And what sets them apart? The Heisen trophy winner is Jaden Daniels. All of the greats were hired here. All the throw homes. See who gets the job Are you river? The 2024 NFL draft begins Thursday, April 25th on ESPN A, B, C and NFL network. Sports

0 (57m 31s):
Are wonderful. Sports are the greatest thing on earth. And. we get to celebrate that every single day. And I'm lucky to be joined by the Toxic Table, which has three wonderful parts today at Ty Schmidt at Boston Connor. And a red panda. That is certainly a joy to see on your chest. Con man. Yeah.

1 (57m 49s):
Wonderful. I I I can't believe it took me this long to wear this shirt. If, if I knew that during this panda epidemic that we would be talking about it, I would've worn it weeks

0 (57m 56s):
Ago. Well it feels like you timed it out perfectly to get the panda conversation that you want to do. Forced down our throat in the first dire

1 (58m 3s):
No, that is not true.

0 (58m 4s):
It after, after said Oh, oh, I forgot. Yeah. Started with fox. People are saying pan's not real. Okay. That's what people are saying. People are saying Pandas are not real. He is now just for people at home that have been keeping up with the panda conversation that took place in the first hour, the internet, A portion of the internet. There's a portion of the internet you can find anything. Sure. There certainly say it's the world there. It's a representative of the world. Anything about this group of the world. But there's a portion of the internet that is put together quite a video. Yep. Explaining why pandas are potentially not real. Now I had not known that this was taking place 'cause my algorithm is awesome. It's case in the sports world. Sure. Every once in a while I'll go on the four year thing, watch somebody die. Sure.

0 (58m 43s):
They need to mute that so the algorithm knows change pace people out there and then the algorithm will come back with something terrible. But I don't get to see all of these things. Connor certainly does. His algorithm is birds are fake. Yep. We get the pandas are fake too. That that's right down to su The algorithm saw this. Yeah. They said boom, let's get this in front of Connor Campbell. Yeah. And they threw it as fast as they could. He is now sent it into the group. So now all of our algorithms are gonna have this video. Darius was watching it during the break. I did. And he goes, wait a minute. Yeah, that's what he said. Did you know? Yeah,

9 (59m 11s):
I did. I did. And I stopped myself about 55 seconds into, I said, damn, been watching it too long now it's gonna be more shit like this in my algo. Yeah. Hopefully I got out soon enough. Probably.

0 (59m 20s):
Remember there's some compelling cases to be made for anything. you know, do you fact check every word as it's going? No. 'cause if they're putting together a message clearly you just buy. Which is part a problem. It is. you know, and I don't wanna be the one that has to say it because I don't know enough about the world and smart people need to figure

15 (59m 37s):
It out.

0 (59m 39s):
But we need to, as things are flying out there, compelling arguments can be made for a lot of things. Yeah.

1 (59m 45s):
It was not community noted though. Just it wasn't community noted. Gentlemen, once you have the veil on, on,

0 (59m 51s):
Those

15 (59m 51s):
Are, I mean that's, that's clearly Halloween. Come on. That's Halloween for those two. They got to do

0 (59m 56s):
A spend a day with of actual pants.

1 (59m 58s):
See those ones look more real than all. Instead a

2 (59m 60s):
Glove. Some things that don't even deserve to be community Noted And. it

0 (1h 0m 3s):
Is. That's guys my baseball gloves on. Yeah.

1 (1h 0m 6s):
I look guys, if if you don't want the veil to be unraveled in front of your eyes, just say it.

0 (1h 0m 11s):
Stay off the internet. Okay. One half of the hammer dad Cowboys turned digs in here. What were the odds We're leading This program the day after Kaitlyn Clark gets drafted to the Indiana Fever in our city. Gonna change the entire business structure of this place. We're having our show more. We are incredibly excited. What were the odds that the first 20 minutes of the show were gonna be about Whether or not Pandas, which have been an animal that had been studied for thousands of years.

1 (1h 0m 33s):
1920s is okay.

15 (1h 0m 35s):
Not, not thousands, is

1 (1h 0m 37s):
That right? Diba

15 (1h 0m 38s):
Thousand. Okay.

0 (1h 0m 39s):
Alright. Thousands. Where You know and then they were Mm. Taken out of all American zoos. Sure. You know because there was no deal made with China because they, I guess they have ownership overall. Pandas on earth. China,

1 (1h 0m 53s):
You say.

0 (1h 0m 54s):
Well that's, that's where Yeah it

1 (1h 0m 56s):
Is. Okay.

0 (1h 0m 57s):
Did Don, what were the odds that that was gonna be the first 20 minutes of today's show? You

2 (1h 1m 1s):
Think? I would've, I would've put the favorite is Caitlin Clark the first thing that we probably would've talked about. But Pan is not been real. Wouldn't have been that far down the list. I mean, could you imagine maybe not that specific, but us talking about something that has nothing to do with the sports world but is kind of interesting. That's kind of

0 (1h 1m 16s):
Us. That's program. It is interesting joining now a guy who's gonna have a thought, you know, and probably

3 (1h 1m 21s):
Not a very good one, but

2 (1h 1m 22s):
No, he'll say something stupid like, oh,

0 (1h 1m 24s):
It doesn't have rocks for brains. Why are you guys been saying that? Oh, because

3 (1h 1m 26s):
He's gonna throw gas. He's gonna throw gasoline on the fire. Why can't we just admit that pandas are

1 (1h 1m 31s):
Real?

0 (1h 1m 32s):
I have admitted it. Why?

15 (1h 1m 33s):
Well

1 (1h 1m 33s):
Watch video. Why watch,

2 (1h 1m 34s):
Watch video.

15 (1h 1m 35s):
He probably talk to why watch video? 'cause we dunno. That is not, I mean, an actual panda. Come on. We know that's not a panda.

1 (1h 1m 42s):
I mean, the one in the background doesn't look real either. No, it

2 (1h 1m 44s):
Does. He probably talked to a panda yesterday. He'd be like, well I don't this one

0 (1h 1m 47s):
We're learning this what we're learning. Okay. Maybe he's pandas are dumb. Okay. Maybe these, they're

15 (1h 1m 51s):
Not, maybe

0 (1h 1m 52s):
These zoologists have to dress up like pandas. So these pandas will maybe drink or eat something. Sure. They have little trust issues. They need to see something that looks like them. So humans have been dressing up like these pandas so that these things will eat food. Not starve, not die. And they poop in the right place at every zoo. Exactly. Okay. Now we've taken it too far. Now we're taking it too far. The, the humans in the pan. Costumes aren't all the pandas. No. There's actual pandas out there.

1 (1h 2m 17s):
Well see. Look at that. Is that a panda? I mean, I guess guess it's only an alligator if we're just, if we're just calling, come on. We're just calling anything pan cruel. I'm so sick of it. I guess that one is too real.

0 (1h 2m 27s):
Or faith in the lower left corner.

1 (1h 2m 29s):
Yeah. Also, first of all, if you paint an alligator or a crocodile, they die. So this is not cool. That does

0 (1h 2m 33s):
Seem to be a, it is.

1 (1h 2m 34s):
Is that true? Dead? Yes, it is true. They breathe out of their skin. This is not cool. This this is legitimately against. We should be promoting this.

0 (1h 2m 41s):
That's not a pandas that's on your side.

1 (1h 2m 43s):
No, no. That's fake. See, see that's fake. And look at that, look at all that information I knew about crocodiles and alligators. You don't think I have a little information about pandas?

0 (1h 2m 51s):
Oh yeah, that definitely makes sense. That, that certainly is the thing. I

1 (1h 2m 55s):
I, joining

0 (1h 2m 56s):
Us now is a college football national champion, Panda expert. Also a Super Bowl champion. Ladies and gentlemen, the all time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. A man who has a tree on the Ohio State campus. Whoa. He's a Hall of Famer. That's right. AJ. Hawk. Yeah.

1 (1h 3m 10s):
Ger

0 (1h 3m 11s):
Aj. The show is gone off the red today. Started with customs 4:00 AM now it's in the pandas and animal cruelty, what we just saw with crocodile. So things are going great. How's your day aj? How are you doing?

16 (1h 3m 23s):
My day's going, going very well. Brock. Purdy was awesome. And honestly I might be on Conman's side. Boom. I don't know. Do you guys keep talking up these, these images? I'm not sure anymore. I'm really not. You

1 (1h 3m 33s):
Watched video. Did you watch the video, brother?

16 (1h 3m 35s):
I haven't even seen the video yet. I don't even, I'm not even swayed by that. These, these still images are kind of like, what, what's going on here?

1 (1h 3m 41s):
Thank you. What's going on over there?

16 (1h 3m 43s):
Is this like a new, is this

1 (1h 3m 44s):
A movie? First off, Connor didn't have a side in the first hour. He said, no, no, no. I'm just presenting what the internet's talking about now. He clearly has a sign. No, no, no. Which I did. And now that we have shown all these examples of clearly pens that are fake, I mean, look at that one in the middle down below. What we doing? Look at that one down below in the middle. That is not a panda brother. Alright,

0 (1h 4m 2s):
Let's, let's move on. This is absurd. I would like to let the world know that the little thing we say at the beginning of every single hour, you know, the opinions of those on the show do not necessarily reflect out of their peers. Yes. This, this whole thing right here. Yeah. This is a perfect example of that. Yep. Okay. 'cause I I love pandas. Love

1 (1h 4m 22s):
Em, love pandas.

0 (1h 4m 23s):
I've heard they're really cool.

1 (1h 4m 24s):
Do your own research brother. Exactly. I just gather mean

16 (1h 4m 27s):
I thought, huh? I thought they're pretty. I thought they're pretty Ru's

0 (1h 4m 30s):
Pretty meat. I'm sitting around, has some bamboo. Chilling, chilling

1 (1h 4m 33s):
Outta pan cab cab ball. You trying to himself.

16 (1h 4m 35s):
You trying to feed 'em. They'll go, they'll gnaw your finger

1 (1h 4m 37s):
Up. No they

0 (1h 4m 37s):
Won't. Nah. If they're hungry. Yeah. I mean, why are you putting your fingers in her mouth? It's a bear. It's a panda bear. You don't put your fingers in the mouth. If, if it's a baby, you know, every once in a while, maybe give a little bite. No nom nom. Yep. A dog. Maybe a little bit of a bite. you know, like Nick's dog Walt, he literally used to walk up to you and saying hello was just nodding on your full forearm. Like he was a canine dog chasing you down after you did something bad. Cool. That is how that dog, but you don't put your hand in the mouth of a bear. Any bear pan. A bear koala bear. Why? Whatever the bear, you keep your hand outta there. So we're not even getting into this discussion. Okay. I believe in pandas. Yeah. So.

1 (1h 5m 10s):
I. So do I.

0 (1h 5m 11s):
Panda shoes are awesome. What's that? No,

1 (1h 5m 13s):
I was putting my hand up for believing in Pandas. Yeah.

0 (1h 5m 16s):
I'm happy that we've got to this. 20

16 (1h 5m 17s):
Was the real though.

1 (1h 5m 18s):
20.

0 (1h 5m 18s):
These are the mo this is what they talk the Idiocracy or whatever. Do you remember that whole

1 (1h 5m 22s):
Movie? Oh yeah. The movie

0 (1h 5m 23s):
They're talking about right now? Yep. This show right

16 (1h 5m 25s):
Now.

0 (1h 5m 26s):
Right now. What up That picture you've been showing of the, the pandas that XTO has found. Think about somebody who's never watched this show.

1 (1h 5m 33s):
Yeah. Yeah. Their whole life just changed. 'cause they don't know if pandas are real Now. That that's that, that's my contact.

0 (1h 5m 39s):
This situation.

1 (1h 5m 39s):
I feel really bad for the real one in the back.

9 (1h 5m 42s):
I feel bad about the dead alligator we put up

1 (1h 5m 44s):
There. Yeah. That was fake. That wasn't real. That was fake. I think

0 (1h 5m 47s):
It was cro out too. Skinnier Snot Sure. Skinnier snot salt water.

1 (1h 5m 50s):
And look, I just, I just gather information. I don't process. I just gather it and then I say it. I, I don't, I don't have

0 (1h 5m 55s):
No, but you say information of as as if it's accurate. Well, you, you gather things.

1 (1h 5m 59s):
Yeah. Yeah. But I also, I also open up discussions and, and, and what is this world? What is this country without discussions. Boom. Okay. What is that? you know? And what

16 (1h 6m 7s):
Did AJ had

1 (1h 6m 8s):
One thing, what he thought pan's were, you guys had a completely other thing. Do do either of you know. No. So.

0 (1h 6m 14s):
I do though. Yeah.

1 (1h 6m 15s):
I got pretty good. We know. Raise a

0 (1h 6m 16s):
Bear. Yeah. Well

1 (1h 6m 17s):
Absolutely. But do we know if they're nice or mean? No, we don't. They might be mean. They might be nice.

0 (1h 6m 21s):
I think situations are situational. Exactly. Depending upon how hungry they are. Yeah. You

1 (1h 6m 24s):
Gotta have that dialogue though, to grow. Brother. Do they have enough eucalyptus or bamboo?

0 (1h 6m 29s):
Let's talk about sports.

16 (1h 6m 30s):
It's trying to grow.

1 (1h 6m 31s):
Thank you

16 (1h 6m 32s):
Everybody.

0 (1h 6m 33s):
Nobody gives us credit for that ever. No. Nope. This is real journalism. You Right.

1 (1h 6m 37s):
Dialogue is what it's all about. Why is everything gotta be fake? True.

0 (1h 6m 40s):
Yeah. That's the whole work brand.

1 (1h 6m 41s):
Ask your friend everything. Fake. Ask your friend. Yeah. Ask your friend. Are you, ask your friend Fake. Ask your friend aj. Who's

16 (1h 6m 49s):
My friend?

1 (1h 6m 49s):
Oh, caterpillar butterfly. What day is

0 (1h 6m 54s):
It? What day is it today? Tuesday.

1 (1h 6m 55s):
It's Tuesday. And

0 (1h 6m 56s):
On a bad day for this discussion. Yeah. You tell me AJ.

1 (1h 6m 60s):
Huh?

16 (1h 7m 0s):
I don't know. I I'm honestly in the dark on this. Who are we talking about?

1 (1h 7m 3s):
Caterpillar buddy. The guy that does Hi. It's

16 (1h 7m 6s):
Fine. What about, it was a beautiful little video I saw of him talking about caterpillars and butterflies.

0 (1h 7m 11s):
Aaron's just living year 20. Yeah. Love it. Whenever he posted year 20 or whatever that is. So long. Being an NFL quarterback. So, so long. Obviously Tom Brady played a long time. Peyton people play a long time. Only a few. 'cause you gotta be incredible to play that long. Your ass is gonna get fired. Especially if you're getting paid a lot of money. Cap casualty. Older. Older, more expensive is a very good recipe for cutting outta the league. Yep. That is, that is, that is how this whole thing goes. Yeah. So for him to be entering year 20 right now, seemingly more comfortable and free with who he is than ever before. I think Jets fans should be optimistic. Is that how you're feeling?

16 (1h 7m 47s):
Yeah. I would feel optimistic about it if I was a Jets fan. I mean, I am a Jets fan because of Aaron and other people that have there. But Mango, yeah. I mean, yep. I, yeah, of course Nick's an absolute legend there. But hey, I don't know when like he shifted or when he felt like more comfortable, I guess being himself publicly. But we know right now he feels very, very comfortable. He is not like hiding behind anything. He's not scared. So whether people like what he's saying or not, I guess I think it bodes well on the field because the dude is open. He's free, he, he's very open about like relationships he wants to make with teammates and coaches. So it's all positive.

0 (1h 8m 19s):
I think so too. I think that's a good takeaway. He is like, this dude is very comfortable with who he is right now. Yeah. Like very, very comfortable with who he is. His thoughts. Not saying that he ever wasn't before, but I think it is being on display here very publicly,

16 (1h 8m 31s):
You're not rewarded. You're not really rewarded for that as a professional athlete, I guess to be completely open with all of this stuff.

0 (1h 8m 37s):
Well, I mean certainly some of the thing, there's gonna be a lot of impassioned feelings on, you know. Yeah. Some sides of we've we seen now. Who's right now. Both sides. Okay. That makes sense. Yep. Oh, is that how it's gonna be forever? Alright. Sweet. Happy to be a part of that. But whenever without Cnce, he is how confident he is and comfortable he is. And after hearing everything last year, a lot of shit was being talked about him. you know, he heard it all. He wanted to come back early. He wasn't able to do it because the jets weren't still in it. He had that September 11th moment. It's like Hooga house. Yeah. Let's go ahead and do it this year. Everything was supposed to happen last year. Oh, you forgot. We're gonna do it again. And I'm wearing this hat every single time I'm anywhere, ever.

3 (1h 9m 16s):
I think when we first, what

0 (1h 9m 17s):
Does that hooah mean? What does it mean again?

3 (1h 9m 19s):
Good vibes. Right? Something

1 (1h 9m 20s):
Good vibes house. That's actually what I thought

0 (1h 9m 22s):
As well. Yeah. We used to, I used to say what it meant.

16 (1h 9m 25s):
Cherish the little things. Charity.

3 (1h 9m 26s):
Something like that. Yeah. He, Bruce

0 (1h 9m 27s):
Wears his hat every

16 (1h 9m 28s):
Day. So is that he would know.

0 (1h 9m 29s):
Well, HOA dude, lost man. What is it? Swedish. Jake.

16 (1h 9m 32s):
Jake Ryan started it. Danish concept.

0 (1h 9m 34s):
Danish. Danish Cash. Who started it?

16 (1h 9m 37s):
Jake Ryan. Old linebacker in Green Bay. He, he started it. I believe it's his thing.

0 (1h 9m 41s):
Wow. A lot of people. I think Shane Gillis had a hookah hat on us. He met Seth Curry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think there's been, Hey, that Hooah house is everywhere.

16 (1h 9m 49s):
It was in the, it was in the gift box that Aaron's birthday had. It was. And my wife helped put 'em together.

0 (1h 9m 54s):
Oh yeah, of course it was. I got one of those. I do have

3 (1h 9m 57s):
Sure you did.

16 (1h 9m 58s):
Oh

0 (1h 9m 59s):
Yeah.

3 (1h 9m 59s):
That the candle with your, your birthday on it.

16 (1h 10m 1s):
I'm birthday.

0 (1h 10m 2s):
Oh yeah.

3 (1h 10m 3s):
Yep. Smell great.

0 (1h 10m 4s):
I'm so good at that. Yeah. Just soon as I get something I'm like, thank you so much for this. I'm gonna open this and I'm gonna utilize it. Right.

1 (1h 10m 11s):
Always

0 (1h 10m 13s):
That box that, you know, that stack in boxes

3 (1h 10m 15s):
Looks a lot better than it did a couple weeks ago.

0 (1h 10m 18s):
Yeah. Everybody's so nice to send stuff and give stuff. But like, and I feel bad. So that's thing's starting to stack up. That's the last week. Yep. One of

1 (1h 10m 25s):
My favorite parts of March Madness this year was actually opening all those

16 (1h 10m 28s):
Boxes as a

0 (1h 10m 29s):
Group. People are so nice to people. Sent us so

16 (1h 10m 31s):
Much stuff. Hey Pat, Jake the snake plumber sent you some of his mushrooms. Not, not psilocybin mushrooms, but his whole mushroom situation somewhere there. I'm, I'm sure you have

0 (1h 10m 39s):
It. Oh, is it a drink?

16 (1h 10m 41s):
I don't know. I think it's a little bit everything. He, he is, he is deep into that world. Yeah. Whoa. Oh, he grows 'em everything. What's up with your

0 (1h 10m 47s):
Friends man? What is he though? Just

3 (1h 10m 49s):
Someone tossed them.

0 (1h 10m 51s):
There's a chance those mushrooms are back in dumpster or there's a chance. There's

16 (1h 10m 56s):
A chance they'll be back. Okay.

0 (1h 10m 58s):
Tell, tell 'em we need send another one. I believe there was Bulldog Jake.

3 (1h 11m 1s):
Oh.

0 (1h 11m 2s):
Those ones needed to be better marked though. Like, hey,

16 (1h 11m 5s):
Okay.

3 (1h 11m 5s):
This is Jake

0 (1h 11m 6s):
The snake. All these boxes look the exact same. They do. I have no idea what's potentially under there. I get scared to open 'em. I'm like, all right, this could be something awesome from somebody. Very cool. This could also lead me into a conversation. I don't wanna have You know for sure. Like there is a lot of responsibility coming with this. And then there's a full on thank you tour that has to happen. 'cause how cool some of the that comes. So I've just decided to go hands off with it. But I gotta get over that. I gotta start opening these boxes. 'cause I just found out I have a Hooga hat somewhere. Oh yeah. you know everybody

1 (1h 11m 35s):
Too. Everybody's wearing it. I'm sure it'll sell. I was gonna say

3 (1h 11m 37s):
That's, that's from December. That thing's long gone. But like the mushrooms, you know, you're paying it forwards. The, the raccoons will, they'll go through the dumpster and have a tasty little treat that they probably weren't gonna be able to

2 (1h 11m 48s):
Enjoys all over the church. These

0 (1h 11m 49s):
Canadian geese need to get the hell back to Canada. How come I go up Montreal? I don't see any of those bastards. That's

1 (1h 11m 56s):
A good

3 (1h 11m 56s):
Question.

17 (1h 11m 56s):
They're shit all over the West Coast brother.

0 (1h 11m 58s):
Well, the west coast in America. Why'd you guys scrap? Do

1 (1h 12m 1s):
People shoot 'em? I mean

17 (1h 12m 2s):
They used to ruin our soccer pitches, brother. Every Saturday you show up. Why

0 (1h 12m 6s):
Are they the way they are? I don't know. I don't think you,

2 (1h 12m 7s):
Because they're Canadian. Shoot

0 (1h 12m 8s):
Geese. I don't think you take it easy. Totally. I don't think you can do that. What? I don't think you're allowed to.

1 (1h 12m 13s):
They scare 'em away with dogs and stuff at golf courses. You can do that.

0 (1h 12m 16s):
You're allowed to do it. The coyote. Coyote. Like open game on site. Yeah. Oh year.

1 (1h 12m 20s):
Really not that action.

0 (1h 12m 21s):
Yeah. I don't think You're not allowed to like use a rifle in Indiana or use a

1 (1h 12m 25s):
Baseball bat. Whatcha are you supposed to use like

3 (1h 12m 27s):
Balls for it?

0 (1h 12m 28s):
Ball game? I think like 22 or something. I think you're think, I think there's regulations. Maybe Crossbo

2 (1h 12m 35s):
US Fish and Wildlife Service. You can't, but I think you can still

0 (1h 12m 39s):
No, certainly not the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. I don't even want to hear it. Connor. Oh, the MBTA. We're not even getting into this.

1 (1h 12m 46s):
I didn't know the MVTA

0 (1h 12m 47s):
Ostensibly protects Caleb

1 (1h 12m 48s):
Behind

0 (1h 12m 48s):
That keeps making it illegal to harm them their eggs or their nests. How come these bastards are allowed to just do whatever they want? I don't like that. Yeah. Whose

1 (1h 12m 55s):
Earth is it?

2 (1h 12m 56s):
Dammit. Well now I know they walk around like they own the place.

1 (1h 12m 58s):
They're so mean too. They do it. They're the meanest

0 (1h 13m 0s):
Animal out there. Yeah. They, they have a daily meeting. Remember we got act migratory. We can just do whatever the hell we want. Yeah.

1 (1h 13m 7s):
Yeah. You see that word? It's big. People know what it means. You're right.

2 (1h 13m 10s):
A cock of the walk out there.

0 (1h 13m 11s):
Canada was cool yesterday.

2 (1h 13m 13s):
Was it?

0 (1h 13m 14s):
It felt like, I mean it felt like I was in a different world. Yeah.

1 (1h 13m 16s):
Seeing signs in a different language is actually cool. And

0 (1h 13m 19s):
They had the European like bus signs in the inside. Like it was, we were in Europe. Oh.

1 (1h 13m 25s):
Saw this McDonald's. It was two floors. It had like a whole lounge on the second floor as well. Like I think that aspect of Canada at least was sweet.

0 (1h 13m 33s):
Yeah. I, in the 15,000

1 (1h 13m 35s):
Strong and Zane been back walking through the 15,000 flight

17 (1h 13m 39s):
Entrance, brother. Hell F

2 (1h 13m 40s):
Sweet a scenes brother. People are

0 (1h 13m 41s):
Talking about maybe one of the greatest entrances in the history of Monday night roll ever. Yeah.

1 (1h 13m 45s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 13m 46s):
So ever. It's, it's tough for, 'cause pay for, he's in the stadiums. They have those big hats. Yeah. But in an arena that has to be

17 (1h 13m 53s):
Far and away. Sammy's greatest moment of his

0 (1h 13m 55s):
Career. Well I've shot his Jay USO one out to the bus after getting a big dub. You have to see Sammy standing outside the front door and goes, Sam, what do you do? He goes, just like in 1997 when I saw the Montreal screw Jobb live in my first ever live event. And I was inspired to become a professional wrestler because what happened to Brett Hart? I'm walking in the same damn way. Goes through the crowd. Crowd. Kind of controlled, but not really. I wonder how that worked. 'cause I saw a lot of different situations that could lead to bad things. Oh yeah. Like Jay USO was on his way out and a guy in a Stu Cold Steve Austin shirt was trying to get a selfie with him. And Jay was like, can you please get the hell outta the way? A little bit of a push. I think everybody knows the deal though. Yeah. Yeah. They're jacking up Sammy. you know, they're saying two minutes long.

0 (1h 14m 35s):
Him taking a lap around this arena and they didn't stop for the entire thing. Awesome. It was awesome last night. Good for him. And then he beach Chad Gable, us Olympian. And then while he's hugging his wife, Kadeja.

1 (1h 14m 47s):
Yeah. Come on

0 (1h 14m 49s):
In their hometown. They are les of the city of Montreal. Belly to back plex. Yeah. On his side. And he breaks his ankle up once.

2 (1h 14m 59s):
Yeah. He went to work messed

1 (1h 15m 0s):
Up. I don't like it. S scum. Gable's kind of a psycho. He

0 (1h 15m 3s):
Right in front of his wife, in front of his friends.

1 (1h 15m 5s):
Like, dude, this guy's got kids. This is his city

0 (1h 15m 7s):
Buddy. Whatcha are you shing about Ty throw

1 (1h 15m 9s):
On

3 (1h 15m 9s):
Somewhere. Sometimes you gotta teach someone a lesson. All right. Well

0 (1h 15m 12s):
He could have done it in a ring. Yeah.

3 (1h 15m 14s):
Well he could've. but you know what? it sends more of a message if after you win and you're celebrating with your family, okay. I'm gonna embarrass you in front of your family and all these people I all your countrymen. And I'm gonna make you remember next time you step in the squared circle with me. Yeah. You're be shitting your trousers. And And Sammy will be,

0 (1h 15m 32s):
Well he is. Got those big pants he could poop in there. He could. Yeah. Chad Gable wears that tight onesie. Yeah.

1 (1h 15m 38s):
Single.

0 (1h 15m 39s):
He might have a Yeah. Singlet. Obviously. He, yeah.

1 (1h 15m 42s):
It's tight onesie. It is.

0 (1h 15m 43s):
He he's got, he's got 0.02% body. He's Jock

1 (1h 15m 47s):
John. He's Jock. He's absolutely super jocked. And he can speak very well too. Like he's awesome.

0 (1h 15m 53s):
So tan, so jacked. His resume's legit. A us olympian. Legit. Yeah. It's like he, I thought last night potentially. I know

2 (1h 16m 0s):
Cody better watch out. There's

0 (1h 16m 1s):
A couple moments where it was.

3 (1h 16m 3s):
Yeah.

1 (1h 16m 6s):
Oh, And it took two. Two.

2 (1h 16m 9s):
Yeah. Can, can you pass along a message to who? Cody Rhodes.

0 (1h 16m 14s):
The American nightmare. Yeah.

1 (1h 16m 15s):
Your universal champion. Why does he not have universal

2 (1h 16m 17s):
Champion? Why does he not have a serial yet?

0 (1h 16m 19s):
What's that?

2 (1h 16m 21s):
Codys. Codys. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're eating Codys. Yeah.

0 (1h 16m 27s):
Wow. When did that start? How'd that happen? What happened right there? What's happened to Marks

2 (1h 16m 32s):
Is that pitch. That's the Mark's Champion brother. Yeah.

1 (1h 16m 34s):
Bingo. That's the Marks

2 (1h 16m 36s):
Champion bring

1 (1h 16m 37s):
Back. Is that additional thought? The

2 (1h 16m 38s):
Tribal chief.

0 (1h 16m 39s):
Oh, what you talking about? We're in a Cody Rhodes new era.

2 (1h 16m 43s):
Well, no, like the last week we were singing Cody Rhodes, his, his theme song a lot. His entrance song a lot. And if you just change roads to o's you got a serial And, we could push that shit all over the place. Tone's

1 (1h 16m 52s):
Been trying to eat Cody's O's for quite some time. It feels like.

0 (1h 16m 56s):
It feels like since last Friday.

1 (1h 16m 58s):
Yeah. Truly.

2 (1h 16m 59s):
What body part would that be?

1 (1h 17m 0s):
You tell me. Tell us

0 (1h 17m 2s):
What you want.

1 (1h 17m 3s):
What party part?

2 (1h 17m 4s):
Like an oh. Huh? Tony.

0 (1h 17m 5s):
Tony's not the only one. You should, every arena we go into that Whoa.

1 (1h 17m 10s):
Oh yeah. Yeah. Great Man is over mean Montreal as he's leaving last night. Completely dark. There's no music playing. Sing the entire thing all the way to the Whoa. Whoa Whoa.

0 (1h 17m 19s):
Yeah. He's super, that's our champion right there. Well, I wonder what he's gonna do. Is he on Rory? He's he gonna smack down. Hopefully

1 (1h 17m 23s):
Gets a serial. Oh that guy shows up all night. Unlike, what's that other champions hopefully gets a cereal pretty soon. We've all been waiting for that.

0 (1h 17m 34s):
I mean, business could be

1 (1h 17m 35s):
Good. Exactly. Be yeah. Business could be everyone. Hey, do you eat breakfast?

0 (1h 17m 39s):
Kind of. Not really anymore. Yeah. It's an interesting little thing. I am a cereal guy though. Oh yeah. I am all in on cereal. Have cereal over the weekend. So good. Like Yeah. House. Always stocked with cereal. What's

1 (1h 17m 49s):
Your go-to

0 (1h 17m 50s):
Right now? It's a Honey Bunches of Oats. So I. Think Oh so good. Because it feels like I'm eating something healthy. But clusters. Yeah. Little texture in there. Makes me feel, you know Honey on Cheerios obviously with bananas. Absolutely. Yep. And every time I cut it, I feel like Gordon Ranch. That's where I'm

1 (1h 18m 4s):
At right now. That's my go-to

0 (1h 18m 5s):
Right now. Yeah. It's so And. it tells you you're making your heart better. They even have heart shaped high nut Cheerios. They do. Those are really nice. Yeah,

1 (1h 18m 11s):
It's a good treat.

0 (1h 18m 11s):
Pull along your spoon. You're like, I love you too. And you put it down. There's a

1 (1h 18m 15s):
Nana in there.

0 (1h 18m 16s):
It's really

1 (1h 18m 17s):
Nice Cereal's. Gross.

0 (1h 18m 18s):
I'm not. You're a pig. Gross.

1 (1h 18m 20s):
Shut up. I've never had a bowl of cereal in my whole life.

0 (1h 18m 22s):
And it's gross. I've never had

1 (1h 18m 24s):
Life. I've tried it. I've tried it. I've had spoons. This is, this is your panda king.

0 (1h 18m 28s):
Who are you talking to? I'm not.

1 (1h 18m 30s):
I'm not panda king. I am a knower of panda knowledge. There is a big difference.

0 (1h 18m 34s):
Yeah. But you just outed yourself as a dous for not being a serial guy. Serial people. No serial people and serial people. Respect people that aren't serial people.

1 (1h 18m 41s):
I understand. I'm just, I'm just, it's a meal in a box. I'm an open book. I'm just telling you how I feel. It's

0 (1h 18m 45s):
A meal in a box. So good. CTC. You're telling me you don't like cinnamon toast Crut?

1 (1h 18m 49s):
No, I don't like any of 'em. Cocoa Puffs you ever did as a kid. Yeah. What'd you eat growing up? Waffles and pancakes baby. Oh. Also, have you ever had any, every You lived a privileged life pancake in a cup. Have you ever had these? This is all real. I'm being dead. Serious. Pancake in a cup. It's like a pancake on the go. Almost. You kind of just whip it up the night before in fridge. Get in the morning. See ya.

0 (1h 19m 9s):
I've had white trash nachos, which is Fritos. Sure. With cheese. Cheese. Pour into the bag. Big

1 (1h 19m 13s):
Hell. yeah. Waffle. Some taco

0 (1h 19m 14s):
With some beef in there. Same

1 (1h 19m 15s):
Thing. I've had a little bit of that. Yeah. Eggos.

0 (1h 19m 17s):
Yeah. I understand what Lego yago is. We're just talking about cereal. How

1 (1h 19m 21s):
Have you not dude, I just hated it. My would make me pebbles me sick and gag. What about Fruity Pebbles? Dead serious. Just the smell of it. All of it.

0 (1h 19m 28s):
Joining us now ladies and gentlemen, is a man who, I don't know if he ate any cereal because he says words weird. Yeah,

1 (1h 19m 34s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 19m 35s):
He called oven and oven one time on this particular program. We have to judge him differently now. He did say the city we were headed to last night is one of his favorite cities on earth. And. we got to experience it in boy days. Ha. Punk. Were awesome out there. But we need an awesome conversation about hockey. 'cause there's a lot of shit happening right now. Hockey is awesome. It always will be. And right now there's a lot on the line over the next two nights for the N NF NHL Playoff picture. Ladies and gentlemen joining us now. 13 year NHL Vet, I think. PK. Subban.

1 (1h 20m 5s):
Yeah. pk.

0 (1h 20m 7s):
Hey Wayne. Oh,

18 (1h 20m 10s):
What's up guys? What's going on?

0 (1h 20m 12s):
Is that for Gordon Bombay or Wayneo?

18 (1h 20m 15s):
This is for Wayne. Oh, Wayne Train. Oh, okay. I actually picked this up at All Star weekend. They had a little popup for GRE and they gifted me this beautiful rare 99 ball cap right here.

0 (1h 20m 26s):
Rare because not enough people will buy it 'cause they don't want it. Or rare. 'cause they only make a few,

18 (1h 20m 31s):
I think they only make a few, but they could be planning to make some more. So I'm just, you know, I'm giving 'em a little plug today. Oh,

0 (1h 20m 36s):
Little tip of the cap too. Er Oh yeah, like that.

18 (1h 20m 39s):
To a legend. To a legend. Abs

0 (1h 20m 42s):
The goat. Yeah. I used to say others were the goat. And then somebody put his stats in front of me and said, if we just eliminate this one right here, still bearing everybody with two. It's like, okay. Yeah. So that guy's the greatest of all time got. And he's doing incredible on the coverage. We're very thankful for him. And Biz on Turner. On ESPN. We have big, big things happening in the NHL. So tonight capitals take on flyers. Pittsburgh Penguins need flyers to beat the capitals tonight. Then we also have the Red Wings taking on the Canadians after a massive beating of the Canadians last night at those big comeback. Huge big comeback up. We need the Canadians to beat the wings and then the pens have to win tomorrow to make it into the playoffs.

0 (1h 21m 23s):
I believe that's what's happening in the NHL. But there's so much on the line right now. I know last week, you said early in, I think it was last week, you said NHL playoffs are gonna be, must watch it starting right now, isn't it? Aren't playoffs starting right now? Seemingly PK

18 (1h 21m 39s):
Playoffs started weeks ago for some of these teams. Detroit, Pittsburgh, Philly Wash, long Island. They've been playing playoff hockey for the probably the past couple months. you know, when Pittsburgh made the trade for Jake Gensel to go over to Carolina, they knew what was at stake. They knew their playoff hopes. Nobody was counting 'em in. And they pushed it to this point now where they need a little bit of help. I really feel sorry for Pittsburgh. I felt like they ran out of gas a little Me too. Against Boston. But they need a little bit of luck now to get in. Hey I'm be, I'm keeping it real. Listen, if they would have Jake Genzel on the team, I thought that game against, they could have used them against Boston. Yeah.

0 (1h 22m 18s):
And the way State word against is certainly something that I, we will have to address at a different time. Because what you're talking about is real six four, you know, six four Penns lose at home to the Bruins, which you know, puts them in a bad spot going forward. Now we need the Red Wings to do what the Red Wings have done best over the last 10 years. Yep. Amen. Whoa. Okay. That's what we need outta you. You should have seen the game last night. It was unbelievable. Well, I mentioned it to the Canadians fans. you know, whenever I was talking about the Canadians on Monday night, raw And, then we need the caps to just You know. Maybe do something for us. Just roll over, you know, just roll over in this entire thing. What are the chances that people rest teams, like for instance, if it does work out in the favor of the pens tomorrow night, they gotta beat the Islanders.

0 (1h 22m 60s):
Islanders have already clinched. Will they rest players? 'cause they're already in

18 (1h 23m 5s):
I'm so disappointed right now. I'm so disappointed that Pittsburgh is in this situation. It almost doesn't, it doesn't feel fair. I agree for the way Sidney Crosby has played and how close they pulled it. But aw, let's let, if we're keeping it real, I don't see Washington losing a Philly right now with the way they're playing. Wow. They got great goal tending. Spencer Carberrys done a phenomenal job. They make it into the playoffs. I think he's gotta be considered for Coach of the Year Carbo. We're calling him like that. And the way that O v's. Got this team rolling right now with their leadership. They're playing with juice. They're confident team, they rallied around that Jensen injury. It's gonna be, they're a tough team to beat right now. I just don't see Philly beating them.

18 (1h 23m 46s):
Now is it possible? Of course. But then you gotta go into Montreal and you hope that Detroit loses to Montreal, which is more possible. Hell. yeah, I think that's quite, I think that's more possible than Philly losing to was or beating Washington. So there's some hope. But I'm just, I'm upset that Pittsburgh's in this situation. Me too. Me

0 (1h 24m 6s):
Too. Bumped out. Will the Islanders rest players tomorrow? 'cause they've already clinched.

18 (1h 24m 12s):
I don't think so, man. I mean, unless somebody's banged up. Unless players are banged up playing with injuries. Listen, they wanna, they wanna lock this thing in and, and just, you know, finish the season on the right note. I don't listen, I don't think the Islanders are in any position to be resting guys right now. They gotta be, they gotta be going into the playoffs as a well-oiled machine. And right now they're the team you don't wanna see in the East. Oh,

0 (1h 24m 35s):
Oh, great. Wow. Okay. Unless you're Pittsburgh.

18 (1h 24m 38s):
So. I. Gotta keep it real. Well, listen, Crosby's doing his thing. He, yeah. So that point, he's doing his thing. It's everything else. you know, they need a little bit more. I heard

0 (1h 24m 47s):
It's this ownership group. What's this ownership group called? Every team they own Stinks. Fenway Sports Group. What is it? The Fenway Sports Group. They also own who? The Red Sox and Liverpool and everything. They do sucks. Right? That's what everybody says. They

17 (1h 24m 59s):
Don't like spending money anymore. They run it like a business.

0 (1h 25m 2s):
Oh, fucking great.

18 (1h 25m 6s):
Don't get me start. Listen to me. Oh, I, I'm just so disappointed. That trade for me. Look at what Jake Genzel ISS doing with Carol Carolina now is contender for the Stanley Cup with Jake Genzel on that team right now. They're a true contender. Wow. Like in every facet of why'd they get rid of him, he almost rounded that team up. Pittsburgh. The, the only player they're missing right now, Jake Genzel. They need offensive front Crosby needs some help. Yes. Matt Ross bringing it. And Buntings done a great job. I'm not even taking anything away from the kid. But you can't replace guys like Jay Hetzel at 29 years old, A 30 goal score, Stanley Cup experience. You need him for those last 10 games of the season. I think that the story would be a lot different.

18 (1h 25m 47s):
And Crosby can't do it all by himself. Bostons first place in for a reason. Like, come on man. Hell. yeah. you know, like you can't, I hate this ownership. I'm just disappointed. Pittsburgh's in the,

0 (1h 25m 58s):
I'm bummed out. Super bummed out. Nick Skates is at home with his brand new baby child. Frankie

1 (1h 26m 5s):
Hell. yeah.

0 (1h 26m 7s):
But he's probably looking into this ownership group and coming to the same conclusion. A lot of people are like,

18 (1h 26m 12s):
Well, I don't understand why the GM gets paid 7 million bucks a year. 49. Like 49 million.

0 (1h 26m 20s):
Oh, somebody came in there. This is, yeah, one,

18 (1h 26m 21s):
One round in Toronto. Right. So he comes in and not to take anything away from him, but you know, I, I'm looking at it And it, what makes this guy a mastermind to put the Pittsburgh Penguins in the playoffs. But maybe he will. But we'll be watching that closely because Sidney Crosby doesn't look like he's going anywhere else. And as far as I'm concerned, the way he's playing, he deserves to have a shot at the Stanley Cup every year. Every

1 (1h 26m 45s):
Year. Don't have to go somewhere else. Then

0 (1h 26m 46s):
Ldo deserves to come to Sidney Crosby's house once every other year. That is what it's supposed to be like. Mike, with the hair. Yeah. Oh yeah. That walks, walks around with Ldo, Brendan, he needs to be hanging out with Sidney more. But instead we got this ownership group shipping our second best player out of town. I'm done with. How'd we look? Fenway Sports Group by the Pittsburgh Penguins? I have no idea.

1 (1h 27m 10s):
Ask your goat. Ask the other goat. Ask Lemu. He's the one that knows. Well, 66 if he didn't get injured would've been the goat of all times. So let's watch.

0 (1h 27m 17s):
Yeah,

1 (1h 27m 18s):
I said your other goat, I would, I disrespect him. Huh?

0 (1h 27m 22s):
Watch. Watch Why you're talking about Super Mario. Just real.

1 (1h 27m 25s):
So he's the one that put you in this position. Well he tell

0 (1h 27m 28s):
Vk. Well, you know, and there was other, you are right though. I don't know how this was the decision that made

18 (1h 27m 33s):
It's cap world. I'm not a gm. I understand the cap's gotta get managed, but I don't think you're moving a 29-year-old, 30 goal scorer out of your team. Whether you're competing, rebuilding. Those players don't grow on trees. Right? So you gotta pay Jake Genzel. But I think he deserved to get paid there. He's got great chemistry with Sidney Crosby. You can work up and down your lineup. Add, he's won a Stanley Cup, he's won multiple cups. He's a winner. This guy competes, he's a gamer. Why wouldn't you want a player like that on your team? Like, and I get it, Michael Bunting brings an element, but he ain't, he ain't Jake Genzel. Yeah,

0 (1h 28m 8s):
And. we all like what Buntings been doing. And. we all like what? Buntings been

1 (1h 28m 11s):
Two goals the other night against the Bruins.

0 (1h 28m 13s):
Yeah. I mean, we lost nobody talk

18 (1h 28m 15s):
About Yeah, it's matter. It don't matter. He playing with Sidney Crosby, put me on Sidney Crosby's line. I haven't played in two years. I bet you'll get a couple goals. Honestly.

0 (1h 28m 23s):
Just put the stick on the ice. Right? and that what people say.

18 (1h 28m 26s):
Oh yeah. Just have you stick down on the ice. The best player of our generation, I don't ca you put anybody with them, they're gonna have success. We're talking about getting into the playoffs. You need Jake Genzel to get into the playoffs.

0 (1h 28m 36s):
Well, Jake Genzel play Wasid for so long. So a lot of people did wonder, like, how will it go without him? And then it turns out he's leading the franchise now. Even better.

1 (1h 28m 44s):
Yeah, he's

0 (1h 28m 44s):
Pretty good. He's got the caniac wrong. Wild brother. I mean that's, how do we let Boston buy the Pittsburgh Bank? Ask Mario,

1 (1h 28m 52s):
Ask your leader. He's the one that did it to you. Hey Jay,

0 (1h 28m 55s):
You have a question for PK about a different team or a different sport? Maybe

1 (1h 28m 58s):
About, I wanna talk about the goalies pk, which,

16 (1h 29m 1s):
Which goalie gives their team the best chance to win. I feel like if a guy stands on his head for the, the playoffs, they find a way, they find something, they get in the zone. Anybody has a chance to win. Secondly, what's that thing you're wearing around your neck? Is that some cool, like crystal we don't know about

0 (1h 29m 13s):
Yeah. Blood iner

18 (1h 29m 14s):
On. Yeah, this was given to me as a gift. You put some cologne in this and then when you You know when you don't have that set, you just unscrew the top a little quick dab, bang, bang, and you're back in the mix. Right? So what's the cologne?

0 (1h 29m 26s):
What's the cologne? How didn't

16 (1h 29m 27s):
Get the cologne in there?

18 (1h 29m 28s):
Yeah. Well I can't give you, I can't give you all the answers. Funnel to the test back funnel Ab funnel funnel. Ab funnel. I can't tell you what my cologne is. Come on. Yeah.

0 (1h 29m 35s):
Do you inject the cologne from the bottom or from the top? That's a good question.

18 (1h 29m 39s):
It's from the top. So this screw, you want me to unscrew it? Sure. Look.

16 (1h 29m 43s):
Do it

0 (1h 29m 44s):
A little dab.

16 (1h 29m 45s):
How about people put other stuff in there? It

18 (1h 29m 46s):
Comes down. Wow. Kala just like that. Oh, it

0 (1h 29m 50s):
Smell so good.

18 (1h 29m 52s):
Wow. And you're right back in the mix.

0 (1h 29m 53s):
How good do you smell? Right? You smell good right now. You smell good.

18 (1h 29m 56s):
Unbelievable. I showered, I got, I got boxing in today. I worked out, I showered, I did it all today.

0 (1h 30m 2s):
And you smell magnificent right now. Any can smell

18 (1h 30m 4s):
Unbelievable. It's a mixture. It's not one cologne. It's a mixture of a couple things.

0 (1h 30m 9s):
Hey, you've been in the Cologne game a long time. I remember when people trying to smell certain smells all the time. I used to walk past Abercrombie and Hollister and you'd just get, what is that? Walk through any of the, the department stores. You got a whole entire Cologne era. There was an era where everybody was wearing cologne. The Italians. I'll tell you what, there was a too much Yeah, there was a scene of that time. There was a time. That's still, you're a cologne guy forever.

18 (1h 30m 33s):
Well, listen, I I'm not, I'm not one of those guys that you can smell from three blocks away, you know what I mean? I just, I apply enough so that I got a little something going on and then, you know, that's it. But I make my own mix. I blend a couple different brands and that's my own thing. Nobody

16 (1h 30m 49s):
Can steal yours.

0 (1h 30m 50s):
It's your scent. Oh.

16 (1h 30m 51s):
Like

0 (1h 30m 51s):
That. Oh, because they say they remember your, your best memory comes from smell

16 (1h 30m 57s):
Bingo.

0 (1h 30m 57s):
Really? Yeah. So people are like,

18 (1h 31m 1s):
That's Well, that's what I mean. And girls will smell me. They'll be like, Hey dude, what, what cologne is that? I'm like, I'm not giving you the answer so you can go put it on your boyfriend. I mean, oh, not gonna,

0 (1h 31m 10s):
Geez. Louise Sway. Geez Louise. This guy's out there swinging. Well, I'm saying especially if you're keeping the cap off of that vial that

18 (1h 31m 17s):
You can't, well, that's what I mean. It's just right now can't back

0 (1h 31m 23s):
You're three blocks away guy right now. Yeah. I I would assume that is what's happening. If this guy what? it starts getting high, right? Yeah. Sweet. This guy's huffing CK one. Yeah. All time Calvin. All the shit just coming. Anyways. Go ahead aj. Let's talk about something different than smells and the pan. What

16 (1h 31m 41s):
About those goalies? The, the goalies peak? I don't know if we got out to the goalie question. Who gives, who gives their team the best chance that teams are in the playoffs right now, Bob?

18 (1h 31m 48s):
Well, you got in the East, you got Browski, you got Shakin and you have Sevki, So, I. Look at Tampa. Tampa's a team. That could be a bad, bad match up with somebody in the first round. Obviously great power play and Sevki can steal a series. But for me, the team that you gotta watch out for is New York. I mean, you know, New York, I, is it a perfectly built team when you look at their team, top to bottom? The only thing that I have questions about when it comes to New York is their physicality. Can the Rangers get physical enough to be able to stand possibly a six or seven game series with a team like Florida?

18 (1h 32m 28s):
Because that's what they're probably gonna have to do. If everything goes the way that it's gonna go, it's gonna come down to that. It that, are they going to get soft when the going gets tough? And you gotta get tough. And I think New York's got the best goaltender right now in the league, in Shakin game on the line. He's probably the guy you wanna net. And that's why they're probably, I haven't made my pick yet, but if I was to pick a team coming out of the east, they'd be one out of potentially two or three teams that I'd be looking at. The other two teams is Florida and Carolina for me. Wow. Carolina doesn't have Shakin and does not have Browski and that. So Browski and Shakin would be the two guys. Oh yeah. Outside of Sevki, I just don't think Tampa's gonna have enough to go the distance.

1 (1h 33m 9s):
Yeah. Especially against Bruin, pk, you know, and, and you're not mentioned Sway. And, and that's fine. We, we already kind of covered how, how you feel about the Bruins. Yep. And, we want to be under the PK Subban radar there. There's no doubt about that. Because if you're not talking about us, no one's listening. Do you wanna talk about the Bruins? No, no, no. Actually, actually, pk you know what? Funny enough, I don't, and I don't want to get into this whole back and forth.

18 (1h 33m 30s):
Why don't we get into it? I'd love to get into it. Well, maybe,

1 (1h 33m 33s):
We'll, we'll say it for the playoffs, perhaps pk. Okay. Because you know what you're, you're honoring the great 1 99 on your hat. And You know of this generation. Of course he is. you know, Sidney Crosby is that guy. And looking forward though, Conor McDavid kinda set some little history, made some little history with the hundred assist season. I believe he was the fourth guy to do it. Mario, of course, as we mentioned, yep. Bobby Orr, I mean the greatest defenseman in the history of the NHL. Would you agree as a defenseman, one of You know? Yep. Yep. Okay. Thank you. Very One of the goats then, if you will. And then of course Wayne Gretzky did it like 15 different times. If for this to be done in today's NHL, how good, you know, the goalies that you just mentioned all are, and just the level of skill that there is.

1 (1h 34m 16s):
Is this just kind of unheard of? Or is this something that we might see from McDavid a lot? And is Kucher off close? Is there any chance he gets there at some point? Or no?

18 (1h 34m 26s):
You mean to the and and sorry,

1 (1h 34m 29s):
To, to the a hundred assist mark just on how great that is. Excuse me. Yep.

18 (1h 34m 33s):
So, well McDavid, I, I think McDavid will get there. Again, there's no question about it. And if there's two players that will, I think T Robin and McDavid are the two players. There's no question. Those two guys are probably the most skilled players on the planet. I don't like, if you ask any player in the NHL, if they say that Conor Mcda like find me players that are more skilled than Connor McDavid and ub, UB does what he's doing in his sleep. It doesn't matter what time of day it is. It doesn't matter what game it is. Right? Bigger game, smaller game, it doesn't matter. That guy's gonna, he's gonna find a way to get on the stat sheet. It's the same thing with McDavid.

18 (1h 35m 13s):
So, I would not be surprised at all if those guys cracked a hundred point, a hundred, a hundred assist Mark. I could actually see them getting more than a hundred assists in a season very, very easily. I look at Tampa and what RA did. you know, everybody says he's playing with some great players. Yeah, he is. But that's not the same team that won the Stanley Cup. This is not a Stanley Cup tee that he's playing on

1 (1h 35m 35s):
Three time Beef baby. Come on.

18 (1h 35m 37s):
It's a great team. But to stop the same depth, So I, I could see those guys doing it for sure.

0 (1h 35m 43s):
Pat Maroon's onto Boston Bruins right now.

1 (1h 35m 45s):
Yep. Yep. Yes he is. We're the toughest team in the league, baby. No one wants to throw hands with us.

0 (1h 35m 50s):
How's that happen? We got that stupid Boston ownership team. you know, Pat maroon just gotta dance around. The guy's an actual winner. That's all he does. Win St. Louis Win Tampa. Win what? Tampa win. Why And? that was on the

1 (1h 36m 3s):
Bruins. Yeah, but like Boston ownership. But let's leave the city of Boston out. F Wayne Sports Group. Fem Wayne. Ownership.

0 (1h 36m 8s):
Yeah. As soon as I hear that, I hear Boston. No, a big green mountain.

1 (1h 36m 12s):
Yep. The agro crack. If you'll That's circum what

0 (1h 36m 14s):
It says. That's what everybody's talking about. Yeah.

1 (1h 36m 15s):
The left field agro crack

0 (1h 36m 17s):
Pk. Enjoy the hell outta your day, man. Annie Joe's about to heat up. We hope you'll visit us again.

18 (1h 36m 22s):
Hey boys. Call me anytime. We're, we're locked in for the next couple weeks, couple months here. So I'm ready to go when you guys are. I mean, I want some luck. I we need Sydney in the playoffs. Yeah, I'm really, fingers crossed. Mm. Like I wanna see Sid. Yeah. Create some history in the playoffs this year. I'd love to see it.

0 (1h 36m 40s):
Are you a believer in the, if you crossed too, cancel each other out.

1 (1h 36m 44s):
Oh. Oh.

18 (1h 36m 46s):
So should I say it again? We just one time or

0 (1h 36m 48s):
No, I was trying to get, I was trying to catch what it is in Canada and I was trying to see what everybody's thoughts are.

1 (1h 36m 52s):
I'm a believer of the odd number.

0 (1h 36m 54s):
Yeah, me too. I think yes. So I actually did my big toe and my pointer toe. There

1 (1h 36m 58s):
You go. Okay. On

18 (1h 36m 59s):
My right foot. Just a quick question. Pat, do we know who Boston has first round yet? Do we know who they got?

1 (1h 37m 4s):
It's Tampa right now, but a lot of people,

18 (1h 37m 9s):
Oh boy. Sevki. He could steal a series. Fuck that.

1 (1h 37m 13s):
Yep. Yeah, keep counting out the Bruins. No, no, no. This is exactly what we need. 'cause last year, hey Bruins are gonna to the cup baby. It's done. We, we have a Thursday. Don't worry. This year, if it's the first hard exit, we actually might go to the cup. Ladies

0 (1h 37m 23s):
And gentlemen, our hockey aficionado, a man who smells like four different scents at all times. Can't put the cap back on the vial right now. So his entire apartment

1 (1h 37m 34s):
Is

0 (1h 37m 34s):
Getting smoked out by this thing. Laser gentleman. PK Savannah.

1 (1h 37m 38s):
PK

0 (1h 37m 40s):
I enjoy the hell outta pk. Yeah, he,

1 (1h 37m 42s):
He a man every,

0 (1h 37m 43s):
I've never met anybody like

1 (1h 37m 44s):
Him at Cowboys fan.

0 (1h 37m 46s):
I've never met anybody like him. He gets a massage six days a week.

1 (1h 37m 52s):
Esom, salt baths, 90 minute massage too.

0 (1h 37m 55s):
Six days a week.

1 (1h 37m 57s):
He's gotta feel so good. Yeah. Feel great. Very pliable. Oh, he is so happy.

0 (1h 38m 0s):
Could you imagine being, I You know the wife and I will get a massage whenever we go on a trip somewhere. So it's like once every like seven months. Sure. Get one of those and you drop into one. It was 110 minute one the last time. I remember. That's a long time. But break me and my thoughts. Those are the best. So I. Get in there though. It's awesome. Yeah, it is phenomenal. And every time it's over, I'm like, I needed that. you know, I got, I feel like I'm well rested.

1 (1h 38m 26s):
I should do this more, I should get, I should do this more. And then nine months later you're like, yeah, I should do this more. I should just

0 (1h 38m 30s):
More. Yeah. And then, yeah, I should do this. PK did that one time and he is like six, six days a week for the rest of my life. Yep. I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do this every single day. Six days a week. Full workout, full massage, full bath. Six days a week. How do you stay and then always smelling. Yep.

1 (1h 38m 48s):
Living out in Nashville till 3:00 AM eating burgers.

0 (1h 38m 51s):
What a

1 (1h 38m 52s):
Weapon. This guy's the best.

0 (1h 38m 53s):
Hey pk, we appreciate you buddy. I'm Bumed out too. About six Fenway Sports Group. It's

1 (1h 38m 59s):
A shame.

0 (1h 38m 59s):
How stupid are they? I can't believe we saw that. Joining us now is a man who probably has this a say or two about the Pittsburgh pens. This guy went to Central Catholic High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

1 (1h 39m 11s):
Hell. yeah.

0 (1h 39m 12s):
This past weekend he was introduced to the world as the man with great flow on top of his head. Cheeky hands around the green, a great spinner and a man who had a Sunday, a Sunday at Augusta National that he'll be able to tell stories about forever. Ladies and gentlemen, Neil Champoli.

1 (1h 39m 35s):
Yay. Neil

0 (1h 39m 37s):
How. you doing Neil?

19 (1h 39m 38s):
What's up guys? Good to see you. Hey,

0 (1h 39m 40s):
Great to see you as well. Hey, what part of Pittsburgh are you from?

19 (1h 39m 43s):
I'm from Mount Lebanon down south.

0 (1h 39m 45s):
Okay. Libo guy. The pens are dead, seemingly. Have you heard this? Do you, have you been paying attention? I know you're in middle of golfing and stuff like that, but the penguins No,

19 (1h 39m 53s):
I, I, I we're, we gotta like, we gotta win tonight. And, then we gotta get some, get some help. Right.

0 (1h 39m 58s):
So two losses tonight. And, then we need to win tomorrow. But the state of the pens, we're in a bad spot. We let some Boston company come in and buy us and they trade it away. Genzel train away. Genzel Genzel. ISS leading Carolina now and we're gonna miss the playoffs, Neil. It's bullshit. It's all bullshit. Anyways, let's talk about something that's not bullshit. Hey, good for you. This past weekend,

1 (1h 40m 17s):
Hell. yeah

0 (1h 40m 17s):
Neil, obviously a memory and a moment that'll last a lifetime As we learned of your story and learned that you were a yinzer, we got incredibly pumped for you on Sunday as you, your boy and tiger are walking down numerous fairways at Augusta National. Did you take it in? Did you realize that this is gonna be something you'll remember forever talk about at birthdays and weddings and everything for the rest of your life?

19 (1h 40m 39s):
Oh yeah. That you, that was the fricking coolest day of my life that was can't can't beat that. I mean Tiger is was so cool and that's probably once in a lifetime for me. I mean, you know, he doesn't play very much anymore and you know, who knows when I'll be back in a situation to be playing with him. So I mean, gosh. It was, it was unbelievable. And I, I, I mean I really took it down on like 12 T. He got a standing ovation and walking up 18, I let him go up ahead of me and I mean that was unbelievable to see that I it in person and be inside the rope. That, that was so cool.

0 (1h 41m 14s):
Were you nervous because of the patrons? Because you're at the masters of golf playing with Tiger. Like, or like when you hit that one short, one cheeky little side spin, are you pumped? Like, alright I, I just showed Tiger that at least I'm a guy, you know like was there any of that, was there any of those moments that were happening and when you hit those, is it different than your normal tournament or were you locked in?

19 (1h 41m 35s):
Yeah, I mean I was pretty locked in at end of day. It's just golf. But I mean the coolest thing was I think I like really roped a drive on too and tag was like, hey good drive. And I was just like, oh my gosh. Like that was fricking stick.

0 (1h 41m 48s):
That's amazing. Go ahead aj.

16 (1h 41m 49s):
What was that? Did you have any interaction with his caddy? Joe Ava, he's known as a guy that seems like everybody loves and big sports fan. Like was there a lot of communication out there between your buddy who was caddying for you and like the whole group?

19 (1h 42m 1s):
Yeah. Yeah. Well Joe's actually with Patrick Cantley now, which I actually played with him and Joe on Saturday and they were awesome. His new guy, Lance is a really good guy too. And just super, I mean he is such a cool group. I mean they're great to me. And we got, I got to talk to Tiger about all types of stuff. And, we talked about just golf in general. Scotty Scheffler and his wild footwork, probably Woods and his, you know, all what all what he's doing at junior golf and how well he's doing. Talked about his daughter Sam and colleges and her, you know, she's starting to start looking now. She's I think 1617. So it's kind of cool. We got, had a bunch of normal conversations on the golf course. He's just like really a normal dude, which is kind of surprising for someone like him. Well

0 (1h 42m 39s):
I think a lot of the conversation while we were watching you on ES ESPN Plus, and I assume the numbers for your pairing on ESPN Plus on Sunday Yeah. Is gonna be higher than you. I literally woke up watching you guys play golf and I transitioned right into CBS and watched Scotty Scheffler just go absolutely ape shit for the entire afternoon. It was a perfect Sunday, legitimately perfect Sunday. I think Tiger was at the stage and they talked about this of understanding that like, hey, telling you that was a great drive on two is gonna be a big deal. He knew, I think he understands the power that he has. So the ability to remain relatable is something I don't think a lot of people say about Tiger because we don't know much about him. What'd he say about Scott? He's swinging out of his shoes. Did he say what?

0 (1h 43m 20s):
What'd he, what'd he say about any, the current state of golf? Did you chat about that at all?

19 (1h 43m 25s):
Yeah, yeah. I mean we talked about with Scotty it's pretty interesting. you know, he has that wild footwork and just starts sliding all over the place. I mean his feet go everywhere and Tiger is talking about it. Like he was, he's like some swing guru. A guy knows so much about golf, it's nuts. I mean he's talking about yeah 'cause Scotty slides his feet, his base stay so square to his target, to his swing. And so it's like, it's something like that. I was just like, oh actually like that. That makes a lot of sense. That's really weird. And You know Tiger was like, you know, like talking about all these other old, old, old head names that I just didn't really remember and I was just like, wow, that's pretty sick.

0 (1h 43m 56s):
I would love to see you after walking down here. And that Fromm tiger next tee box. Alright, lemme see how I can slide this shit. Lemme see how I can get these, these feet to move out of there. How do you feel about the golf game? More confidence, obviously with how you played there. Did you test yourself, challenge yourself every single day? What were the goals going in, all that type of shit. How do you feel about your game right now after, you know, probably the most watched Sunday round that was not in for contention of the masters?

19 (1h 44m 22s):
Yeah, I mean that was, I mean it was big for me to kind of play well under that, under that type of pressure and hit shots like the one we're seeing right now. I And that was really cool. And those are tough to pull off in that moment and you know, it's, I just got a lot of confidence from the week that my, my game can kind of travel and play against those guys. You know we gotta You know that's the goal is to be playing against those guys every week. You know and You know. I think I can go do that now. I feel really good about my game and learn a lot about what I need to work on to even get sharper and start competing for those green jackets.

0 (1h 44m 52s):
Good. aj

16 (1h 44m 53s):
How do you feel about your game now compared to, say a week ago before you played in this masters event, before you played with Tiger on Sunday? I would imagine you could, like you said, the confidence that you could build, but I'm, I'm sure you could take that and kind of run with it. Does it feel like your game is in a great spot?

19 (1h 45m 8s):
Yeah, it, it, it really does. you know, my game was in a good spot, you know, prior to the tournament, but I'd never played it in PGA tour event before. So the ability to kind of test my game against those guys and just see how I compared really kind of was super helpful for me and made me realize I don't need to be anyone special. you know, there's no real special sauce to being the best player in the world. It's just about a lot of hard work and a lot of consistency in your preparation.

0 (1h 45m 32s):
Hey Neil, you're representing for a city that doesn't have a lot of golfers. Okay. you know that tone has a question for you.

2 (1h 45m 39s):
Yeah, I do. I mean you, we had a Arnie who pretty good career, that was Jim Feric pretty good career and now it's gonna be you. So you are basically carrying the flag for Yinzer as far as golf is concerned. And, we are ready to get behind you, but does it help, you know, growing up where every single tee shot you can't see the green and then every single shot after that is there. There's not a lie in Pittsburgh that is balanced. You're either uphill down here, side hill, you gotta hit over kennywood on, on a couple courses. Like does that, does that help at all going with your golf career? Because I know Augusta has also a lot of up and down as well.

19 (1h 46m 14s):
Yeah, I think particularly at Augusta is super helpful. I was pretty comfortable on some of those super weird lies, you know, because Pittsburgh golf can be pretty go goofy golf at sometimes and yeah, I feel like when we go on odd golf courses, I feel really prepared to take on like a bunch of those weird things just 'cause that's what you see, you know, on the day to day back home. And I think what's great too with the Oakmont in town, I mean all the greens in Pittsburgh are so damn fast. I mean it's, you know, we, we see crazy speeds all the time in Pittsburgh. So, you know, when we get to these tournaments like Augusta, when the greens are flying like crazy, it's nothing I haven't seen before.

0 (1h 46m 47s):
Was it like glass out there? They say

19 (1h 46m 50s):
That. Oh my it was, it was, it was stupid. Saturday was like, they're gliding like crazy and then you got the wind blowing puts 'cause they're so fast and you got wind And it. I TV doesn't do it justice. How hard it was on Friday And that, that was, that was some of the toughest conditions. I was just really happy to be in my couch Friday afternoon and in the clubhouse it throw you over.

0 (1h 47m 8s):
Amen. Let's talk about tv. You were on TV a lot.

20 (1h 47m 14s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 47m 14s):
Neil, you know what I'm Yeah,

20 (1h 47m 16s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 47m 17s):
You got good range. You got good per, you got good per I think somebody should good per I I think somebody should have told you, hey, you don't have to look at the live playback, you are on tv. But in that moment when you're sitting in that clubhouse, what's going through your head? And then immediately afterwards when one of the lads says, Hey yeah, you're you looking sideways it everywhere, right? Or can you take us through that entire process there?

19 (1h 47m 39s):
Oh my god, I was so nervous. The last thing I wanted to do was slide or was swear on national TV or say something stupid. And I also didn't wanna like speak out turn So I was trying to look at the teleprompter that's going on. So I knew my cues dumbass. And so like I finish up all the presentations, And, we go back to our party house. I've had a few icy lights and Hell. yeah. And then all, all, all of a sudden I like my, my family's like, Hey Neil, have you seen these memes of you? I'm like, what memes? Like, what are you talking about? And then they start show just absolutely like roasting me for the next three hours about it. It was, it was something else. The internet

0 (1h 48m 18s):
Was alive with you. I I didn't think it was a teleprompter. That makes sense though. Like, alright, I don't wanna step on Jim Nance here. Hall of Famer got John Rom over here. Yep. Scotty Scheffer's right here. The chairman of Augusta. National Law Power. Yeah. Law Power. He's right here. They told me to sit here and speak when spoken too. I'm gonna get a little bit of a heads up here. I was on TV that whole time.

20 (1h 48m 41s):
Oh no. Oh

0 (1h 48m 42s):
No. Oh no. I thought you handled it great dude. Your first time in there. I think you were an absolute legend all weekend. Let's not let the memes ruin it. Let's let the memes add to it. What a legendary thing. Especially 10 years from now when Neil Shipley is the one sitting in the middle chair. Hell. yeah. you know, whenever he is sitting in the middle chair on that left side when he is taking home a green jacket, we gotta get to a heart out here for ESPN. We'll continue on YouTube in ESPN Plus with the best amateur from the Masters of Golf this past weekend. Neil Shipley. We got a big one tomorrow. Yeah. Caitlin Clark will be joining the program. Woo. Charles Barkley joins us in about 10 minutes. Hell. yeah.

19 (1h 49m 18s):
Fuck

20 (1h 49m 19s):
Yeah,

0 (1h 49m 20s):
We'll see you then. Goodbye. Yeah. Neil, you're opening for Charles. Good luck. Hey, you did it. Yeah, good week. It's good week. Is that what you said? It's

19 (1h 49m 27s):
A good week. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Hey, I don't know if Chuck knows this, but I was on the airplane next to him about a month ago on the way down to, he is going to Atlanta from Phoenix. And I, but I, I like poked, poked him and I said, Hey Chuck, like I love what you're doing with your golf swing. And he, he probably has no idea that that was me, but I like compliment his swing and what he's doing with it on the plane. Yeah. You just, yeah, it was pretty funny for me. Think

0 (1h 49m 49s):
About how many golf bros like that aren't, you know, playing into Masters. Yeah. Yeah. Not you, you say shit to Chuck about his golf game. He's okay. Alright.

9 (1h 49m 59s):
I did it. He probably saw, oh shit, I remember

0 (1h 50m 2s):
Him that was on a plane. I think that hair is great. Long hair always been your thing.

19 (1h 50m 7s):
Oh yeah, it's been, I mean it's been for the last bit, you know, we're, we've been growing out for a while. We love it. Yeah. We've been, we've been, I mean it's a grind. It's a lot to take care of. Oh yeah. But I was gonna cut it after the US amateur and then I got like, went viral there. So I was like, well shit, it can't cut my hair now. Kinda like a brand. So it's good, you know, it's kind of its own thing. It's

0 (1h 50m 28s):
Powerful. I think the hair is powerful. You were, I mean, just the whole Yeah. Big ones.

19 (1h 50m 37s):
Oh, oh this? Yeah,

0 (1h 50m 38s):
A little bit. You had a great shot. I, I forget where it was. Your caddy walked right in front of the camera. Shout out to Is that your boy? I assume I've heard this

19 (1h 50m 46s):
Story. Carter, my boy Carter.

0 (1h 50m 48s):
He's a not a golf guy. He,

19 (1h 50m 50s):
Yeah, he, he plays golf Wisconsin. He's a, he's a central Catholic guy too.

0 (1h 50m 54s):
Wow. Boys out there doing it. Hub you hit this shot so good. And like you pose a little bit and they got a shot on you and they're like this Neil Shipley guy. What round And that just two massive right in the middle of it. Always been your thing. Are we in, we're that, that's beef jerky. I assume we're

19 (1h 51m 14s):
Sitting Yeah. You got beef jerky in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

0 (1h 51m 16s):
Yeah. We're sitting Huh? We're sitting big time.

19 (1h 51m 18s):
Oh, maybe. Maybe. Yeah.

0 (1h 51m 21s):
Yeah, you're right. Hey, let's not give up anything you're on Dustin National, that entire thing

19 (1h 51m 25s):
Speak. Yeah. Hey, we don't give up. Our secrets don't give. I mean, I I've heard that nicotine takes like three or four shots off the score, but Jeez.

0 (1h 51m 32s):
Can't say that. Neil

9 (1h 51m 34s):
Say that.

0 (1h 51m 34s):
John Daley d Buss has a question for you Neil.

9 (1h 51m 37s):
Appreciate that. Neil. Hey, I know you had obviously a great Sunday, but I'm kind of jealous obviously you playing with Tiger. Did you get gifted any of that Sunday Red? I think that's the first time I saw it. Definitely. Obviously on the Masters, but did you get gifted any of that? And if not, maybe you should reach out to him and get some Yeah,

19 (1h 51m 53s):
I, I do want to get to my complimented him on it. I, although I have an idea for him, you know, he sweats through the shirts all the time. I think he should do one of those shirts where when you sweat through it, a pattern goes on And, it should be like a tiger stripe pattern. I think that's, wow.

0 (1h 52m 5s):
There we go. That's a great Wow. Yeah. It could be that logo. Yes. Yeah. You could just go all over. Did you tell him that? You tell him?

19 (1h 52m 12s):
I didn't tell him that. you know, I was about to tell him on five T after five T but then he blew one in the trees. And. it was like, that's, you know, that's an ain the time to do, shoulda

9 (1h 52m 22s):
Him a note.

0 (1h 52m 23s):
Did he get pissed? Did he get pissed? Yeah. Notes. Yeah. I heard about you guys in notes

19 (1h 52m 27s):
You know. Oh. Oh. So thi this, this guy from Yahoo Sports. I don't know who he is. Charles Robinson. I'm sure he is a nice guy. I'm sure he is a nice guy. Yahoo Sports

0 (1h 52m 35s):
Still exists. Yep. Still exists. We gotta always get

19 (1h 52m 38s):
That press. But I, I mean I, I like everyone else in the press room. There's like 20 other people I've probably met about 15 of 'em knew him. And then this guy from Yahoo Sports I've never met says that to me. And I look over the moderator like, who the hell is this guy? Like, because that, it just didn't happen. But I was, I was so confused. That's why I, I was so shocked in the moment.

0 (1h 52m 56s):
No, somebody was telling you you weren't allowed to give the answer. Yeah, that's what it was.

19 (1h 52m 59s):
Remember? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was it.

0 (1h 53m 2s):
Okay, so you read that all the internet shit too, huh? Immediately. Sounds like the boys with the icy lights, maybe a little Mongo afterwards. Like Neil, a lot of shit press conference. Yeah. In the clubhouse with the eyes you were taking over the internet, taking it over.

19 (1h 53m 17s):
Oh it was, yeah. It was hilarious to see my, yeah, they were, my, my boys were really giving it to me, which I appreciate. You gotta keep my feet on the ground. I know. My, my guys back here in Columbus, they were just going nuts at me the entire time and really roasted me in the group chat. I was like, really boys? Like right now. But it was pretty great.

0 (1h 53m 35s):
Yeah. Just played. Come on. I just play Sunday Wish Sunday Red's debut. How about that? So how about you eat shit? You, when you play against, like what'd you score there? What'd you end up with over the four days?

19 (1h 53m 49s):
Something, something like 11 or 12 over

0 (1h 53m 51s):
A lot of people. Over. A lot of people over, yeah. Yeah. I mean that was

19 (1h 53m 54s):
A lot. It was, it was, it was really tough. I played like rap the third on Saturday. It was, it was no good. But you know, it's the best consolation prize for shooting 80 is I got to play Tiger Woods on Sunday, which is pretty funny.

0 (1h 54m 5s):
Probably. Best case. Yes. Absolutely. Other than winning probably best case scenario in the entire thing when you're just playing. Yeah, I think, go ahead. How, how often?

19 (1h 54m 13s):
I think it's probably like the best thing for my career possibly, honestly. Like that's like the, the amount of attention I got from just, that's unbelievable.

0 (1h 54m 20s):
I watched you play 18 holes big. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, love this dude. Love everything about it. And you didn't buckle like, you know, at no point did you buckle or, or kind of give up. And I think, you know, sometimes amateurs, you don't know if they got it or not, but like, when you're playing day to day, you're, you're scratch like every course you step onto you're scratch. Right? Is that

19 (1h 54m 38s):
Good? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I think I'm like technically six better than scratch. So I'm like a plus six. So like if you're a scratch player, I'd give you six shots. Damn.

0 (1h 54m 47s):
Every, so you give me 20, 24

19 (1h 54m 52s):
Too many, I give you too many shots. That's

0 (1h 54m 54s):
Whoa not enough. You're not giving me enough. You play with Tiger. I can't wait until that becomes a conversation with you when you're trying to give up strokes on the course. 24. I need 24 strokes. No way. I'm only give you play with Tiger. Yeah. Not, but every course you could just show up in, in just dominate.

19 (1h 55m 14s):
I mean a lot, lot, lot like the, if you, if I play like a public mini or something like that, or a shore golf course for sure. A lot of courses we play in college are really difficult too. So, you know, if you, if you're anywhere in college, anywhere around for three days around like nine 10 under, that's really, really good. So like around 300 days great. But yeah, I'm, I'm, I've been, yeah, I'm been consistently under par for a while. I play play really well most most days. Yeah,

0 (1h 55m 36s):
That that'd be nice. Only getting better too. Last question here from Connor Neil. Yeah

1 (1h 55m 40s):
Neil, obviously there's a lot of stuff in the media from, you know, Wyndham Clark kind of taking shots from the PGA side towards the Liv and you know, that's been going on for a while. As an outsider kind of just coming in here in your first major tournament, was it very apparent that there, is that beef going on there or does it seem as though that has kind of calmed down a little in the stuff that we heard was just very, you know, unique snippets from guys that clearly still have a gripe to, you know, push or whatever.

19 (1h 56m 9s):
Yeah, I, I mean I think those are a lot of unique snippets. you know, a lot of the camaraderie around guys. I mean, you know, guys were really happy to see those guys. It's almost like a big family reunion. 'cause then none of those guys see each other anymore. So I think it was kind of just a, like a one-off, one-off thing or two You know when you hear things like that. But you know, the golf world is divided. And I hope to see it come together soon. I mean it's, it's, it's not great for the sport that we have all these great players in different tours and you know, I'd like, it's great when you see 'em together. Like at the masters, the US Open, you get to see all the greats together and that's when you get really good leaderboards. Like we had this past weekend

0 (1h 56m 45s):
Hell. yeah, we're pulling for that too. But you keep playing good golf 'cause there's hundreds, hey, hundreds of millions available now for a Yinzer kid outta Libo because of how damn good he is at golf. We're proud of you buddy. Keep going.

19 (1h 56m 60s):
Appreciate it. I got one thing for Connor. Oh fuck the Patriots.

0 (1h 57m 5s):
Oh no. Oh. Could have been worse. Could have been worse. Worse. There's a lot of things you could, there's lot of ways you could have went there. Yeah. Yeah. We were thankful that's the way you went. Certainly. We appreciate the hell out. What's next? What do we got? What do we got next? What's going on right now?

19 (1h 57m 19s):
We got co co we got college golf still to play. So

0 (1h 57m 21s):
When is, when is that that summer?

19 (1h 57m 24s):
Yeah, we got this summer. So yeah. Well actually we have our next event this weekend. So. I'm playing our home event this weekend. And. we got Big tens weekend after that here in Columbus. So it's right back to it and playing for OSU and you know, trying to, trying to get, you know, maybe get a tree like Mr. Hawk here. Ooh.

0 (1h 57m 41s):
Yeah. You guys go visit that every day to toughen up.

19 (1h 57m 44s):
Yeah. I, I like walk by that thing every day. Give it a little Pat, you know, it's just iconic. Did

0 (1h 57m 49s):
You shake any trees? Hands at Augusta. Oh my goodness. That through with AJ's tree every day. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go shake AJ's tree. Go shake AJ's tree. Just like that right there. Oh, awesome. What a picture. Alright, think about that hand who it is too. Just the whole perfect. The internet never stops this man. It's gonna climb to the top. And. we cannot wait to watch Hell. yeah. Ladies, gentlemen. Ohio State. Oh,

19 (1h 58m 19s):
Io.

0 (1h 58m 20s):
Io. Wow. Hell. yeah. Wow. That was big. Hey, Monday Night Raw in Columbus. Next week, stop by. Be good to see you in person. Ladies, gentlemen. Neil shift. Hell. yeah. The ring. Hmm. Oh man. With a golf club. With a club. Oh, a driver. Yeah. Imagine him snapping a driver over somebody's head.

1 (1h 58m 39s):
Sammy Zane

16 (1h 58m 40s):
A

0 (1h 58m 41s):
Gable. That's our intercontinental champion. Yeah, Gable.

3 (1h 58m 44s):
I understand. I'd love to see, see Ne Neil Shipley just beat the shit out of him.

0 (1h 58m 48s):
What's your problem? He got his last night

21 (1h 58m 50s):
By checked Gabe.

3 (1h 58m 51s):
Tag team. Hey, you know, heavy is the head that wears the crown sometimes. All

0 (1h 58m 54s):
I'm so sick of your negativity. Sammy Zane blew the roof off the be

3 (1h 58m 58s):
He did that. That was incredible. Notice he hasn't been in the gym since he won that.

0 (1h 59m 7s):
Joining us right now is a two time Olympic gold medalist. Whoa In NBA. MVP One of the greatest TV personalities in the history of television. Oh yeah. A man has won 79 Emmys and counting from TNT. Ladies and gentlemen, friend of the program, Charles Barkley.

16 (1h 59m 26s):
Hey Chuck.

0 (1h 59m 28s):
Chuck, how are you pal?

21 (1h 59m 30s):
I'm good guys. Thanks for having me on.

0 (1h 59m 32s):
Now you've had to watch this shit show for the last five minutes. We apologize for keeping you waiting. We appreciate you taking the time. Massive night to night. Chuck playing to start the playoffs. We got LeBron James. We got Steph Curry, right? We got two young teams. We got a massive night for the NBA. Is this exactly how they wanted it whenever they set up this play in style for the playoffs, Chuck?

21 (1h 59m 57s):
Well, I'm not sure they thought they were gonna have the Lakers and the Warriors in the play. I don't, I I think it was for really, it supposed to be for the shit teams. I'm not gonna lie. But you know what, it is great. It's, it is actually pretty good. And you got Joel and Jimmy Butler tomorrow night on ESPN. But man it's gonna be two great. And I'm fascinated by both games. I'm not gonna lie. I mean, I think this are really important games for the Pelicans. you know, they played the Lakers twice this year in meaningful games and got humiliated twice the did the championship of the to in season tournament.

21 (2h 0m 37s):
They had to win one game Pat one game at home Sunday to avoid the play in and they got humiliated again by the Lakers. I really think this is a important game. I really think it's important game for the Pelicans, for their psyche going forward. And that second game, man. The Warriors gonna have their hands full. They're gonna have their hands full with the kings. The kings can score with anybody. They can't stop a runny nose, but they can flat out score. If you, if you remember last year, Steph Curry bailed him out in game seven when he went off for 50.

21 (2h 1m 17s):
I don't know if he's capable of doing that any longer. So, I think, I think both games tonight are gonna be fascinating. Good

0 (2h 1m 24s):
For the, you just said something about Steph Curry there that will certainly revisit it some point. aj, you have a question for Chuck?

16 (2h 1m 30s):
I wanna talk about the Warriors. Like are we going to, like, is this the last great hurrah for the Warriors can, is it possible if they get in that they make a run and what do they look like next year? Like is this

21 (2h 1m 39s):
Something that, that we're, are we gonna see this core in place moving forward? aj number one, good to see you. Lemme tell you something, the one thing I know about old people, they just get older. They don't get healthier or they don't get better. The the warriors are, are done as as as we know them. They got old You. know when you have as much success as they have. you know, do you know it is not like you, you probably guys are feel the same thing when you made a Super Bowl run before. Are you're tired going into the next season? But what's happening with the Warriors man that wear and tear is taking their toll. The thing with Clay, ACL Achilles just, just really hurt his game going forward.

21 (2h 2m 24s):
And you go back, they really kind of messed up on the Wiseman taking him number two, picking the draft. It worked out. Commingle coming on. But the thing with Wiseman's probably been the thing that sent them back the most. But man, old people, no disrespect. I want to be an old person one day, but old people don't get better. They're just gonna be a year older next year. But the the, they're cooked as far as being a championship contender. Yeah,

0 (2h 2m 50s):
But when you're old and you're retired, you can take science. Yeah. Ooh. You know these guys, the NBA, they can't take any science. So You can get better as you get older now with modern science. you know, I, I'm, I'm kind of living proof these knees feel better than they've ever felt before. I didn't know. Yep.

21 (2h 3m 4s):
Yeah, yeah. But hey, you know what, Pat, we're not gonna put your ass in a game though. Don't forget that. It's great to walk around. True, true. Yeah. You got a game coming up. It's, it's great to walk around. Hey, I don't know if AJ's got any fake body parts. I got two new hips, but if he got fake body parts, that don't mean we gonna put him in a NFL game. It look good walking around, but we're not gonna put him in a game. More than likely.

0 (2h 3m 28s):
How are those two new hips, AJ's knees are tearing. He needs two new ones. And then walk.

21 (2h 3m 32s):
Hey, hey aj, aj lemme tell you something. I put it off and when I got the first hip I was like, oh my God, this is the greatest thing ever. Then I got the second hip, man, get it done. It is a godsend. It changed everything about me just walking around in pain all the time. Hey, get all the fake body parts you can.

22 (2h 3m 53s):
Alright,

0 (2h 3m 54s):
Aj, you need to do that aj. So yeah, his knees, he is a, his gate, especially after the American Century championship, he is in pain all the time. Yeah. He's like, yeah, this is what life is though. Yeah. You're just in pain every day. He's from Ohio, you know, he is got that linebacker mentality from a high, he's like, yeah, I just hurt. That's, yeah, that's life. Now my knees hurt. But what I think what you're saying is it doesn't have to be like that aj. Right, that's what you're saying, Chuck.

21 (2h 4m 17s):
Yeah, because you know, you want to be able to, first of all, you wanna walk and play. I mean, there's only a few things old people can do. We play golf, And, we fish. Now you got some of these crazy idiots out here trying to play pickleball. Great sport. I, I, I, I don't, I don't call it pickleball, I call it a place where old people go and get hurt. Okay. That's what they should change. That's what they should change the name to.

0 (2h 4m 39s):
I don't know if that's as catchy. I dunno if that's as catchy as clip of ball Chuck. I don't

21 (2h 4m 43s):
Know if it's himself. It's not nearly as catchy. But hey, I'm telling you, getting, getting artificial parts, man, they, they changed everything. Get it done as soon as possible.

0 (2h 4m 53s):
All right. So you are obviously freak athlete, big man. Happy to hear you got two new hips. Also a lot of experience on things, especially things that are coming up like the Olympics. Connor has a question for you, Chuck.

1 (2h 5m 2s):
Yeah, Chuck. Every time the Olympic roster gets announced, everybody always goes back like, Hey, is this team as good as the 92 team? And obviously the squad that they have going right now, it's all the superstars. It's not like last year where they went to Feba And, it was just kind of You know Halliburton was on the team, but it wasn't what it is coming up this year. But to that dream team point, when that happens, And, that debate comes up. A lot of people go to the redeem team of 2008. But some people say like, Hey, 92 was great, but 96, like that team could have probably beaten the dream team too. You were on both the teams. Do you have any thoughts around that debate? The 92 verse 96 team and is the 92 team just by far and away the greatest Olympic team ever?

1 (2h 5m 42s):
Or do you think there are some of those other teams like 96, like the redeem team that can hold, you know, a water to that team as well?

21 (2h 5m 50s):
Well I think that the, the key is number one, thank you for a great question. The 92 team was unique because it was the first time, and you have to factor in on all these teams. I'm not stupid. Michael Jordan, Larry Bird, magic Johnson, the three most important players in NBA history. you know, people forget the NBA was too black, too thuggish, too many drugs on Magic Johnson and Larry Bird are the two most important figures in NBA history. you know, the average salary when they started was around $200,000. Now the average average is like $10 million.

21 (2h 6m 32s):
I, I always tell Magic and Larry, every time I say 'em, thank you, thank you, thank you. Those are the two most important figures in NBA history. Then you factor in Michael Jordan, who's like a super nova, which they don't come along that often. So those, that's one of the reasons those other teams, Hey LeBron, I love LeBron. LeBron is amazing. But to have those three guys on that first team, nothing can beat that type of star power. Yeah. These other guys are great players, but they, they didn't do what the NPA for what magic Michael and Larry did. And I would never disparage LeBron because I think LeBron, Hey man, he's amazing.

21 (2h 7m 14s):
He's great, great, great. But anybody tell you that people gonna be buying his shoes for a billion dollars a year after the guy's been retired for You know. Think about that. And you have to also factor in Michael's the first guy who did commercials. So, so you have to factor all that in when you're talking about how the, the the, the cultural relevance, you know, ma Magic and Bird and Michael because of who they were and what they did for the NBA today, the reason Kobe LeBron make eight a billion, $800 million from Nike is because Michael Jordan was the first guy to do it.

21 (2h 7m 57s):
I mean, and you go back and look, think about it. You go back and look at that movie Air.

0 (2h 8m 0s):
Oh yeah, it's a great movie. I was about to talk about it. It's great movie. Oh yeah, great

21 (2h 8m 3s):
Movie. Yeah. But you think, but Pat, you think about it, I You know his mom says, you know, we want a percentage of the shoes. They're like, well, and Matt Damon who was playing Sunday says, well we don't do it like that. Well because of Michael Jordan. We do it like that. So to answer your man's question, you gotta take in effect in nine two Magic Michael and Larry were such what they did for the NBA. Those other, these other teams are great, great, great. But what those three guys did for the NBA is on a whole nother level,

0 (2h 8m 35s):
The magic in Larry Doc. Awesome. Sweet. Yeah, I think it's on NBA tv. I think it's an NBA film. I don't know who created it. It's awesome Air. Awesome. The history of basketball and it's growth. Semi-pro, obviously huge. A huge part of it All. you know tho these movies, the Flint Tropicals guy, they got tropical. Yeah. If it wasn't for them, You know. The AlleyOOP never exist. We all know that. But those movies tell the story of the NBA in a beautiful fashion. And as you're talking about that dream team in the Olympics, and obviously it's international play. Do you think it's your guys' fault that these sports have grown in these countries so much that now the NBA is like So, I mean, right? It's becoming a top five, top 10 players.

0 (2h 9m 15s):
International players are taking up a lot of the spots. And it lead the, like the game is more global than it's ever been. I assume the dream team is one of the big factors in that entire thing.

21 (2h 9m 25s):
A hundred percent Pat. That's because of David Stern. When David Stern, that was his global vision. And. it worked out perfectly. you know, and listen, I'll tell you something else that's amazing about that dream team Pat. We had 10,000 people standing outside of the hotel just to get a glimpse of us every day. When we would walk to the bus, you had to walk like probably 15 feet from the hotel door to the bus. There was 10,000 people out there every day. There was people along the highway holding signs. We had two police cars in front, two police cars in back. We had an armed motorcycle.

21 (2h 10m 5s):
We had two guys on motorcycles on the side. One guy had a machine gun. Yeah, yeah. And. we had a And, we had a helicopter above the bus. Geez. Every time we went to practice into a game, these guys, they probably have security, but they didn't have that type of security. You know what, and that, and that was not 10,000 people standing outside the hotel to see us go to practice a game. And I guarantee you, when they weren't like dude along the highway, people were holding up bird magic Michael signs. I tell people to this day, it's one of the most incredible, it is the most incredible. I mean, people are standing along the highway with Jordan Bird magic signs and a and the, and a helicopter above a bus and a a machine guy, a gun guy beside you.

21 (2h 10m 55s):
I mean the stuff that went on for that dream team, you know, you

0 (2h 10m 59s):
Know Chuck, Chuck, you guys sitting in the bus go on that motherfucker's got a machine gun. Shit that like, when you guys realize that, that's a funny moment. You know, like as you guys are talking amongst each other,

21 (2h 11m 9s):
We're like, yo man, one of these guys on the motorcycle got a machine gun. And, and I tell you something else. When we went to the top of the hotel to get by the pool, there was like 10 security guards with machine guns sit on the roof. It was crazy.

0 (2h 11m 25s):
Nobody fucked this up. Okay. The entire league is here right now. The future of the league is here and then it grows the game exponentially

21 (2h 11m 34s):
Internationally. Yeah. And I've had some of these younger players come up to me and since the dream team is my first recollection of basketball in some of these foreign countries. And that's the first time, you know, I met dirt Navis and tried to pay him to come to Auburn. We played an exhibition in Germany.

0 (2h 11m 49s):
You can't do that. That's illegal. That's illegal.

21 (2h 11m 52s):
It was illegal, but I didn't give a damn. I'm not gonna lie, You know, I, no, no Pat. I told this story. So we play, we're playing in, in, in Germany and I got Scotty Pippin, who's a great defender. I got Horrace grant, a couple other NBA players, And, we play this German team. Dirt's got like 35 at halftime. And at this time, Scotty was considered the best defender or great defender. This dude finished with like 52 points. And I said, yo man, who the hell are you? He said, my name is dirt Naski. He says, I said, you want to go to Auburn? I got, I'll take care of that. He says, I gotta go in the Army. I said, dude, you're seven feet tall, you're not going in the damn army.

21 (2h 12m 35s):
And and this is true. So the neck, this is in the middle of the summer. We planned Nike exhibitions in Germany. He gets drafted, which is, and now I feel bad saying this 'cause the guy passed away. you know, he didn't get drafted by the Mavs And. it iss probably gonna go, gonna go down. 'cause I think Robert Tractor trailer rest in peace, they got traded for each other and it's probably gonna going to go down as one of the worst trades in NBA history.

0 (2h 13m 5s):
Well, Dirk would go on to do what he did to Scotty Pippen that day to everybody in the NBA. For how many years did Dirk play Whoa? 8 18, 25, 20. He's, how do you like for how tall? You said he's seven foot tall, he is not gonna the army. How do these joints hold up for 20 years? you know, like how, how on the wood too. I mean, you guys, well,

21 (2h 13m 22s):
I, I I think he was a more of a finesse player,

0 (2h 13m 25s):
But still just fucking running, starting and stopping I think at that size by the end, like the whole

21 (2h 13m 29s):
Yeah, but you know, he not one of them big lumbering guys who jumping way, first of all, he didn't weigh as much as Shaq. Nobody does. Just for the record,

0 (2h 13m 39s):
Jeez.

21 (2h 13m 40s):
But I think that man, he was, it was, it was beautiful to watch him play and he's such a good dude too. So, but man, it that it, it was, it was crazy. Pat. I tell people, man, when you go back And, it was like we, when we get together every now and then And, we talk about like, yo man, the stuff that happened for the dream team was incredible.

0 (2h 13m 60s):
Yeah. It sounds like we're still talking about it. So I mean it's gonna live on forever I think there's another doc about the dream team that I've watched before. I feel like I've watched a lot of the, go ahead.

1 (2h 14m 8s):
Well, a allegedly, and Chuck can probably speak on this better, the, the one practice where they split into five on five and Larry Bird was just watching on the sidelines. Like the greatest game in the history of the NBA. Never seen or something. Yeah. That was never seen. Yeah.

21 (2h 14m 21s):
Well the, it was like that every day. That wasn't just that one practice. Okay. Because you had to understand something you had, so Claude Drexler hated Michael because Michael, Michael gets, he actually made the mistake of saying he thought he was good as Michael. And so they hated each other. You had, you had Scotty going against Magic who had just beaten in the finals. You had Karl Malone and me who was trying to prove who was the best power forward in the world. You had David Robinson and Patrick Ung who was trying to prove who was the best center in the world every single day. It was it, and I, I've said this many times, not just now, it's the most intense practice every single day because, and obviously he had a lot of egos and things like that, but it's by far and away the most intense practice that we had, we went through every single day.

21 (2h 15m 13s):
'cause everybody was trying to prove something to the other guy. It was crazy intense. But we had fun. But everybody was trying to prove something every day in practice. So when Larry, 'cause Larry had a bad back, but he says, man, these dudes out here trying to kill each other. Because we were, 'cause everybody wanted to prove who was the, who was the best player at their position.

0 (2h 15m 35s):
Larry was trying to prove if he could get through three or four packs of SIGs

1 (2h 15m 38s):
Hell. yeah.

0 (2h 15m 38s):
Wanted these games. And I think he accomplished it. I think he accomplished it.

21 (2h 15m 41s):
Well, lemme tell you something. I made the mistake of going out with Matt, Larry one night. And for some rea, you know, Pat, I like to drink, but for some reason Budweiser has this really negative effect upon me. Beer. I, I, I can drink vodka and tequila a lot, but for some reason, bud Light, I don't know what they put in it. What? And I made the mistake of trying to drink with Larry one night. And to this day, I have no idea how I got home.

0 (2h 16m 8s):
How many beers? How many beers have we had to guess? Larry put it out. Oh,

21 (2h 16m 11s):
15, 16.

0 (2h 16m 12s):
Oh Jesus. So you can handle tequila and vodka can't handle beer normally it's the, I

21 (2h 16m 17s):
Can handle regular beer. It's something about Budweiser that does something to me. Well,

0 (2h 16m 22s):
People haven't looked into that. There's a lot of other chatter, honestly, around that at entire. I don't know if it's,

1 (2h 16m 27s):
I've been there before.

0 (2h 16m 28s):
Yeah, you're, yeah. Well, God, Jerry had a,

9 (2h 16m 31s):
That that was the Yeah,

0 (2h 16m 32s):
Jerry's had a white boy birthday as well. Came to my birthday party one night and I mean, we were deleting beers. Oh yeah. Deleting. Deleting beers all over the place. I'm happy we're not at that stage anymore. Yeah. Birthday's coming up. I was gonna say that wasn't that long. I'll take a trip back in time. Yeah. you know, a couple years if we needed to. You talked about Big Guys and lumbering and everything like that. There's a big guy in the Nation's First Capital who's obviously an MVP, but could potentially lead him on debuts. Got a question for

9 (2h 16m 58s):
You. Yeah. Definitely want to talk about MB and his playoffs, his health, what the Sixers looked like going into this playoff run. And then this past weekend, lot of waves were made with Alan Iversson being added to the Legends walk out there in Philly in his statue. I know yours is out there as well. Bobby Jones wilt a lot of the greats. What was your reaction first time seeing your statue? Did you see the shit that AI was getting And then obviously your thoughts from the sixth is going to the playoffs this year.

21 (2h 17m 23s):
Well it's a, it was such an honor for the Sixers to gimme the statue and a I deserve to be there. AI was a great, great, great player and he is a good dude too. It's a really an honor and a privilege to be on, on that, on that little walk of fame. It's really cool. But I gotta tell you something, Darius, man, this thing is opening up for the Sixers. I'm telling you because, oh, and they better win tonight because I think they beat the Knicks. I really do. I think they beat the, I think the Julius and Julius Randall injury had screwed the Knicks.

21 (2h 18m 5s):
I think they've gotta beat Miami tomorrow night. You, first of all, you got a game at home, you gotta win that game. Yep. But I think they beat the Knicks and then I, I, I forget like they don't then that because they won't play the Celtics until the conference finals. Yep. So I think this thing is working out perfectly for, for the, for my 76 ERs.

0 (2h 18m 27s):
How do you feel about the Celtics? Always, you know, like we have Boston, Connor is one of the humans here. And, we talk NBA stuff. The Celtics are just assumed to be great. Like, they kind of fallen outta the conversation now. It's like they're not, they don't get chatted about much day to day. It's like, just kinda like, yep. They should be. That's how it should go. They should win. Let's talk about everybody else. Do you feel like this is the year the Celtics finally kinda get back into the, the championship conversation?

21 (2h 18m 56s):
You know, Pat, I'll be shocked. I'd be shocked if the Celtics don't win the championship. Here we go. I think they are. That's how everybody

0 (2h 19m 3s):
Feels. Guaranteed. It, it

21 (2h 19m 4s):
Feels like, yeah, I mean they, they are they I've said that before. I said yo man, they got it all. you know, I think the missing piece was probably Pingus and Drew Holiday. 'cause that gives them size and toughness. Man. If they don't get it done, I mean, it's gonna be interesting because, you know, blow it up. I think this year or next year, they gotta pay Tatum. Yep. So they gave Drew, not Drew, they just gave Drew Holiday 150 million. If I somewhere in that range, they gave Jaylen Brown 300 million last summer. They probably gonna have to give Jason Tatum more than that course. And I'm not sure they can keep all these players together if they not gonna win the championship.

21 (2h 19m 49s):
So I think the Celtics are a favorite. I'll be shocked if they don't win it. I'll be totally shocked if they don't get to the finals. But I, my favorite in the West is probably Denver, but I'll be totally shocked if the Celtics don't win the championship.

1 (2h 20m 7s):
It, the Pingus contract and the Drew Holiday contract actually too, were pay cuts. So even though they got new deals, they, it is now less on the cap for that Tatum deal coming out.

0 (2h 20m 17s):
They, they're being somewhere else. Yeah.

1 (2h 20m 18s):
Yeah.

21 (2h 20m 18s):
Bingo. Well listen, when you give somebody 120, $30 million, you, you still, that's a lot of money. I know how it works. Works how it works. Hey, hey, hey my man. And lemme tell you something, I guess p you Jason Tatum ain't taking no pay cut, no

1 (2h 20m 35s):
350 million him. And

21 (2h 20m 37s):
That's exactly right. If, if, if, if Jalen Brown got 300, I think he got 308 million. Oh my God. JJ Jason Tatum's gonna get more than that.

1 (2h 20m 49s):
Three

21 (2h 20m 49s):
50. And so, so now you paying two guys $600 million. Two guys. You

0 (2h 20m 58s):
Basketball's in a good spot. Basketball's in a good spot. Thank you. Dream Team. Thank you Michael George Magic. Larry, thank you guy. Thank you for that entire thing. Also Brad Stevens, what's his future look like?

21 (2h 21m 9s):
Well, he's done a fabulous job because I, I'm telling you, if if if they going to pay everybody Pat, they should win. They should be the, the championship favorite for the next five years. What? To be honest with you, because Jason and Tatum and Jalen Brown, they, I think, are they over? They like 26, 27.

1 (2h 21m 30s):
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Every night. Chuck Every night. But Jalen Browns

21 (2h 21m 35s):
Playoffs, they, they should be, they should be the favorite for the next five years. And I'm not just saying that they should be the favorite for the next five years with Tatum Brown for zingers and Drew Holiday with those four guys. They should be the favorite for the next five years in my opinion. Hey,

0 (2h 21m 56s):
Good luck up there Boston. Yep. Yeah,

1 (2h 21m 58s):
Por is also like 26 Chuck, so him as well. You can throw it in

0 (2h 22m 1s):
Uniform. Hey LeBron and Jordan and them win.

1 (2h 22m 4s):
Yeah. Funny enough, everyone hates on Tatum and he has to win it this year, but I believe he just turned 26 in March. And I think Steph, LeBron KD all won their first championship actually at 28 in older I believe. So. He actually has two more years if he wants to be in that category.

0 (2h 22m 19s):
Nah, the team though, the money, there's 600,000,002 guys. Oh yeah. It's gotta happen now.

1 (2h 22m 23s):
That's I'm hearing's going on. Better

0 (2h 22m 25s):
Happen now. Hey Chuck, we can't wait to watch you tonight on TNT Man. Your show is awesome. Your guys are show Hey man.

21 (2h 22m 31s):
Well yeah, we, what were you in? Re they don't pronounce the treat. The, the p weren't you in all last night?

0 (2h 22m 38s):
Wee wee. Chuck wee. We, I was up. Hey, it's French, French up there, Chuck. That shit's really French.

21 (2h 22m 44s):
Yeah. That's why. you know, so Canada, Toronto's my favorite city in Vancouver. I'm, I'm not a big Montreal fan for that simple reason. Like I love Toronto and Vancouver Hell. yeah, but I really can't get into Montreal because I agree with you. It is really, really French up there.

0 (2h 23m 2s):
Super. Like, we pulled out of the, the, the airport or whatever, and there was a sign on the side like describing what I assume is Plaza like, and the whole fucking thing was in fr like, I felt like I was back in French class, but like super advanced level. And I, I thought maybe it was a sign that just like rotated to like, English wasn't even an English option. No. Anywhere near it. I'm like, holy shit, this is like French. They're just making French French people. Yeah. We're in French.

21 (2h 23m 29s):
Hey, hey You know Pat. I've been watching y'all for the last few months and lemme tell you something, man, has the Rock got the best personality charisma on television. I mean obviously Roman and, and Cody and all those guys are fantastic, but The Rock has the best, like, he got that thing. It's like when you, you know, AJ, you, you, you and Pat know when you see a player like, oh yeah, he's different than everybody else. Yeah. I was like, man, when you see The Rock perform and you're like, man, he's two.

0 (2h 24m 6s):
What, what was he? He's 2 85, he's 285 pounds, 285 pounds. Just, but

21 (2h 24m 11s):
Man in his personality. Oh yeah. Like whatever. When he's talking, you're like, oh yeah, I gotta watch this. Yeah. And that. And like, like I say, I love Cody. I love self freaking Rollins. I love Roman Range and Jimmy Big uso. But man, the rock man, when he's on television, he's got that. He's always had it. But for him to come back and do his thing like he did for all this stuff the last couple months, I'm like, damn man. He know how to, he got the Charisma bug.

0 (2h 24m 40s):
Yeah, he's got it all the way back. you know, because he was it when he was attitude era, Hollywood Rock and the Rock and everything like that, that launched this entire career on the microphone. There was nothing like him that he was just, he was the guy. And then he's also six foot six incredibly attractive and jacked. It's like this guy perfect superstar. So then he goes to Hollywood, they tell him to lose weight if you do recall. Then he comes back to WWE and he's like, I, I think he didn't do his promos as he was like scripted almost too scripted or it felt that way. So then he leaves again. A lot of people were wondering like, does the Rock still got it? Does the Rock still who he can? He's got it. It and the Rock still got Yeah, there's no questions ask. He is, he was there every week too. That fucking guy traveling every single week delivered.

0 (2h 25m 22s):
It was awesome. Hey,

21 (2h 25m 24s):
Hey, you know what? I, I was impressed. I, I've known him, we're not great friends, but I've known him for a long time and when I saw, I was like, yo man, he's got that thing. And when he's working I wanna watch. I know he going to, he played the hill perfectly. But his charisma, man, it's an honor. I've been watching a lot lately, but I said, I love when you said last night, yeah, there's a tea in Montreal, but it's solid. Yeah,

0 (2h 25m 48s):
Exactly. Well, you have to point out the obvious. That's kind of my expertise out there. Sammy, did you see Sammy's entrance last night?

21 (2h 25m 55s):
I did. And you know what? I was gonna fly there and whooped the Gable's ass, but that man whooped his ass in front of his, his wife and parents. Man, I didn't like that at all. Messed up.

0 (2h 26m 5s):
Hell,

21 (2h 26m 6s):
You can't, you can't kick a man's ass in front of his wife and parents. Man, I didn't like the ending, the

0 (2h 26m 11s):
Disrespect. That's a US Olympian though. Remember that. He, he has, he is a US Olympian. Much like you Chad Gable. You

21 (2h 26m 17s):
Can't, Hey, I know that, but you can't kick a man's ass at his house, man. That's bad karma. You're

0 (2h 26m 22s):
Right. You're right. Right. Hey, Gable's gonna have to answer the universe and Sammy Zane, amen for it. We appreciate you so much. Good luck tonight, man.

21 (2h 26m 29s):
Hey, thank you guys. Keep up the great work and be safe.

0 (2h 26m 32s):
Hey. Okay, I have a question for you. Do you remember this man from a plane ride from Phoenix to Atlanta? Atlanta. Atlanta? He said he was sitting next to you and he said he liked what you were doing with your golf swing. And he said, there's no way he remembers me. This was the guy that was playing with Tiger on Sunday at the Masters.

21 (2h 26m 51s):
Hey, you know what's so funny about that? I've been looking for that guy for a long time. I'm not, this is a true story 'cause I couldn't remember his name. This is actually a true story, Pat. Okay. He was so nice and kind. He came up and said some nice words to me and I said, yo man, that's really cool. Thank you. I love the game. I work at my high off. And I wanted to reach out to him later. But we, we, we never reconnected. But I remember the conversation vividly. I really do. He, because he, he says, I said, yo man, that's a really nice compliment. I really do. I love the game I play every day. I get a chance.

21 (2h 27m 32s):
And he says, man, I'm, I keep working, blah, blah, blah. And I, and then that's the last time I talked to him. But yes, I do remember him. So he, that's the guy who played with Tiger this weekend. Huh? That

0 (2h 27m 42s):
Was low amateur Yeah. Of the weekend at Masters of Golf. He was just on the show like 35 minutes ago or something. He said he found out that you were coming on. He said, Ash Chuck, if you remembers me asking Yes, he's gonna jazz the greatest week. That's the greatest week

21 (2h 27m 55s):
Better. Hey, Pat, I was watching the masters, the, I was watching the live from the Masters and when he walked up and introduced himself to Tiger, I was like, yo man, that is so cool. Yes. Yeah. He walked up to Tiger on the range And. it was one of those moments. You're like, I was like, man, that is so, he's so gotta be so excited. Yeah, that was cool. He was easy. But yes, I remember him. Well, he was eating. I didn't know it was the same. I didn't know it was the same kid. Yeah. So tell him, Hey man, I'm proud of his success and keep it going. Hell.

0 (2h 28m 29s):
Yeah. All right. I think we'll send him that. I think he's probably watching and we'll link you to if you would like, but if not, that's enough. Yeah.

21 (2h 28m 34s):
May make it happen. Okay.

0 (2h 28m 36s):
Boom. Go man. He's eating all. Oh God.

16 (2h 28m 39s):
Great week

0 (2h 28m 40s):
For him. He's eating all over the place, Chuck. All right. We appreciate you, man. Can't wait to watch the NBA playoffs. Thank you for taking time. We genuinely,

21 (2h 28m 46s):
Anytime. Hey, anytime my brother. Be safe. Keep, keep doing your thing, aj. You be safe. Other guys. Y'all be safe. Bye. Thank you. Appreciate

0 (2h 28m 53s):
You Chuck. Gentlemen.

16 (2h 28m 54s):
Thank you.

0 (2h 28m 55s):
Charles. Barkley. Thank you. He's plugged. Yeah. Yeah, he is. He's dialed in. Yeah. To wwe, right?

16 (2h 29m 4s):
Glasses too. Final

1 (2h 29m 5s):
Boss baby.

0 (2h 29m 6s):
He did have sweet glasses. He looks good too. Remember last time he told us he was maybe utilizing some science. I've been watching him all year. I don't know if he's stuck with it or not. I think he's looking better and better and better. Might be getting more active. 'cause he's got those new hips. I love Chuck man. The man, he's been so nice to us. He really has.

16 (2h 29m 21s):
He's got a great take on the eclipse, by the way. I, I read something or I saw we call him back. We call him back about the eclipse. Call him back. I didn't get a chance to ask him.

1 (2h 29m 27s):
Wonder if he knows anything about pandas.

0 (2h 29m 28s):
Alright.

16 (2h 29m 29s):
Breathtaking.

0 (2h 29m 32s):
The people here in Indianapolis said the eclipse was like life altering. Yeah. Yeah.

16 (2h 29m 36s):
I think Chuck is on the same. He's in the same vein. Yeah. And, we

1 (2h 29m 38s):
Missed it. The pictures from here. Stupid Philadelphia.

0 (2h 29m 40s):
We're in a convention center in cloudy Philadelphia. Couldn't see anything.

1 (2h 29m 44s):
All I think about when I like saw the photos of that is just the thought of that happening. Was it real at 10,000 BC

0 (2h 29m 51s):
The first time it happened? Yeah. Like

16 (2h 29m 52s):
What would

0 (2h 29m 52s):
You even, we're fucking dead. It's

1 (2h 29m 55s):
Over

0 (2h 29m 55s):
World's over. Joining us now, ladies and gentlemen, is a solar eclipse expert. Charles. Barkley. Chuck. Yeah. Chuck. Hey Chuck. Hey. AJ said you have a solar eclipse take that he wanted to ask about.

16 (2h 30m 5s):
Like real emotional. Yeah. Were you crying? Like all the people got real emotional and you know, life changing moment.

21 (2h 30m 10s):
A bunch of fucking losers.

16 (2h 30m 14s):
That

21 (2h 30m 14s):
Was the like, now I can understand if you're like a little kid or you want, so, but these adults talking about they were going through something. I said, what a bunch of fucking lose.

0 (2h 30m 26s):
What a heel turn,

16 (2h 30m 27s):
Man. you know, sign. Boss. You crying. Thank you,

21 (2h 30m 30s):
Agie. Come on man. Please stop. I, I, come on man. If you, like I said, if you want to do that with a kid or something or a science teacher, want to take your class out, but if you are a grown ass person and you built your whole day around the eclipse, you are a damn loser.

16 (2h 30m 48s):
Oh shit.

0 (2h 30m 49s):
I did not know what to expect. I had no idea. I, I had not heard this. AJ has obviously heard this. I assume this has happened on your show or somewhere else. I did not expect that to come outta your belt. Yeah. Oh Chuck, you're the best. Ladies and gentlemen. Solar eclipse expert Charles bark

21 (2h 31m 5s):
Chuck

1 (2h 31m 6s):
All the time. Wow.

16 (2h 31m 8s):
He didn't skip a beat.

0 (2h 31m 9s):
Fucking losers

16 (2h 31m 11s):
Man.

1 (2h 31m 13s):
Didn't see that coming. Alright.

0 (2h 31m 15s):
I don't know where we're headed for this. Is that the show? Yeah.

1 (2h 31m 17s):
Yep. I think it's good way

0 (2h 31m 18s):
To wrapped up. I think that has to be the show.

16 (2h 31m 21s):
He's the man. He is.

0 (2h 31m 22s):
Oh my God. The best I had. No, I I thought he maybe like, did the research, met somebody. Yeah, me too. I thought there was some message coming about the moon.

16 (2h 31m 31s):
What happened? I did too. Kind of. I good selling. Great sail. Great selling.

0 (2h 31m 36s):
I should have known to coming from a,

1 (2h 31m 38s):
That that was his, that that was your mania moment, brother. Yep. Right there.

0 (2h 31m 42s):
Oh my god. Bunch of fucking losers.

16 (2h 31m 47s):
I mean. Yep.

1 (2h 31m 49s):
It was like he was ready for it. Oh

0 (2h 31m 51s):
Well. Yeah. What a question. Yeah, yeah. As

16 (2h 31m 53s):
I was asking it, he was getting pit. Well, you introduced him a silver eclipse expert that basically got him going. He was already match. That's

0 (2h 31m 59s):
What, that's, that's the way I thought it was going. That's the way I legitimately thought it was going. It definitely did not. What That caught me that, yeah.

1 (2h 32m 9s):
That

0 (2h 32m 9s):
Was so good. That was a misdirection that I did not expect. Even though I assume it's been out there, that's why you knew about it. But nonetheless, thank you to Chuck for joining us. Thank you to PK Subban for joining us. Thank you to Neil Shipley for joining us today. Thank you for Brock fucking Purdy Hell. yeah. For joining us. Hell of a Tuesday here. We can't thank you enough for allowing us to do this for a living tomorrow. Caitlin Clark, the newest member of the Indiana Fever. We'll be joining us live in the down Hell. yeah. 1230 Eastern. I think we got like 30 minutes there. Nice. Yeah, let's, cool. Nice. So this should be, let's get the No. Yeah, yeah.

2 (2h 32m 43s):
CC sit down a

16 (2h 32m 45s):
Little bit. You just sit down like you do with Arod in studio in New York.

0 (2h 32m 47s):
You're right. Maybe we should do some,

16 (2h 32m 49s):
You should set up a couple chairs.

0 (2h 32m 50s):
Journalism. Hey Rod's doing a lot of sit downs.

16 (2h 32m 53s):
Yeah, yeah. It looks like it. I haven't seen many. I got, I gotta actually watch some of the clips I've seen. I

0 (2h 32m 58s):
Don't know how the whole podcasts are, but I definitely see some clips that are going.

2 (2h 33m 0s):
Yeah, he's catching steam today.

1 (2h 33m 1s):
Fucking love this guy. He's right. I fucking, I right now in this current moment. Yeah. I'd take a bullet for Rogers. No doubt about it. No doubt about it.

0 (2h 33m 11s):
Hooah house, you know? Yeah,

1 (2h 33m 12s):
That's right. Exactly.

0 (2h 33m 14s):
Exactly. Cherish the little thanks, bro. He's hoing the hell out of things right now.

2 (2h 33m 17s):
Yeah. Good news is you don't have to take a bullet from the aura around him. Just stops that bullet and just disintegration

0 (2h 33m 22s):
It. Hey, I saw some of those videos from over Israel. I think they have the The dome, the Iron Dome. Oh, the Iron

2 (2h 33m 29s):
Dome. Oh yeah, yeah. Things

0 (2h 33m 30s):
Legit. Yeah, there was some and then I saw some that were blown up out of our

2 (2h 33m 33s):
Outta the atmosphere. That was really

0 (2h 33m 34s):
Cool. That big ball thing up there. Not good, obviously we hope everybody lives. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And don't love that at all. Especially as a group of people that have a lot of friends that are in military and see Gold star fa, I mean like the whole thing. Not cool at all. But those videos make it into the algorithm. It's like god damn technology right now is insane. Crazy. That's why there's billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars dumped into it. Yeah.

1 (2h 33m 58s):
Yeah.

0 (2h 34m 0s):
Wild time Be alive. With that being said, NHO and NBA playoffs basically we're

1 (2h 34m 5s):
Heres, you know, yeah. We made it start. It starts tonight.

0 (2h 34m 7s):
Really. Damn right. We beat the solar eclipse. Yep. Yep. Looking in the mirror, you see somebody that also beat Covid. Let's remember that. Yeah. That's a good thing. Thing lost a lot of incredible people. Went through it. Changed the world. Stopped the world. We all beat it. There's a lot of great things that we should look forward to that we should be incredibly pumped that we're alive, even though it seems like chaos is happening at a rapid rate around us. Yep. It's a beautiful time to be alive. Yeah.

1 (2h 34m 33s):
It's Hell. yeah.

0 (2h 34m 34s):
We are incredibly lucky and thankful that we get to do this. Can't wait for the Kaitlyn Clark discussion tomorrow. Can't wait for the follow up to the NBA playoff play. In games that start this evening. The NHL set up. Are the Pittsburgh Penguins gonna be in the playoffs or who's gonna talk hockey again?

1 (2h 34m 47s):
I hope

0 (2h 34m 50s):
Aj. I gotta get in. I gotta have the P.

1 (2h 34m 51s):
Gotta have the penguins in

0 (2h 34m 53s):
PK. Your bands kind of put out the bird call maybe to the refs. Yeah. Yeah.

1 (2h 34m 56s):
Like that. It's get early on. Come on guys. Get some power plays

0 (2h 34m 59s):
Going through. When you say Crosby tomorrow to be able to get in. Yeah. Not just itt. Just about tonight. No. Need the Islanders to get fucking waxed

1 (2h 35m 7s):
Tomorrow. Yeah.

0 (2h 35m 7s):
And that to be so, because if not, I do fear there's a chance we maybe won't talk

1 (2h 35m 12s):
Much hockey. He'll be on the ball. We'll talk basketball.

0 (2h 35m 15s):
Panthers. Panthers suck too.

1 (2h 35m 16s):
Nah, we'll be back. We can talk at NBA. We'll still talk B. See this is what's fun about You know both the sports is that Boston's got one seat in both teams so we can You know if we don't talk at each other. It'd be sweet to talk NBA too if we don't talk. This is

0 (2h 35m 32s):
This kid's whole fucking time.

1 (2h 35m 33s):
I know. Let's, let's see where they last you. Oh, we, we can do that song and Dan, oh, we can do that again if we want. I'm Justus feels like the difference, doesn't he?

0 (2h 35m 42s):
Well, that, that's where of Celtics Pingus comes in and I guess he drew

1 (2h 35m 46s):
Holiday. Thank you. Punch. I'd say Drew Holiday. Yeah. I'd say because last year like the big, the big men weren't the problem. I would say Drew Holiday has kind of been a bigger factor

0 (2h 35m 55s):
As we were talking about two sports at one time and some people were talking about one and some people were talking about the other. We, we zoomed out And, we, we showcased the Yep. The pasta jersey hanging around there it is. That is to celebrate the greatest NHO regular season of all time. Hell. yeah. Which is what the Boston Bruins had last year and then they lost in their first round. Yeah.

1 (2h 36m 16s):
Yes they did. Yeah. Yeah. Yikes. You guys losing the first round last year,

0 (2h 36m 21s):
Is it better to be loved and to lost or to never love at all? That's

1 (2h 36m 24s):
A great question.

0 (2h 36m 25s):
Alright.

1 (2h 36m 26s):
True.

0 (2h 36m 27s):
Be a friend. Tell a friend something nice. It might change their life. We're in this thing together. We'll be back tomorrow with a good one. We appreciate you all so much. Debut. Safe travels. Team on the team on 3 1, 2, 3.