0 (0s):
Hello Beautiful People and welcome to our Humble Abo. The ThunderDome on this Feel Good. Friday, April 19th, 2024. This program starts now. Sports are amazing. Sports are wonderful. Sports are the reason why we get to talk to you every single day for three-ish hours. Two if so, right here on ESPN, the final hour in all three hours on YouTube. What? ESPN Plus and TikTok. Oh, okay. Yeah, we're not dancing. We don't know how long the platform's gonna last. you know, with whole legislation and stuff. I don't have one on my phone, but we do have an Emmy award-winning editor. Yeah. Who has us on Tip Talk every single day.

0 (40s):
Just like we'll be next Thursday night for our draft. Spectacular. Yes. As we find out what teams make what decisions on what the future of their programs look like. Every first rounder could be a future Hall of famer. Every first rounder could be a complete bust. Yep. We'll be there. Live with that man, bill Belichick as we break down the entire evening. And also the draft spectacular kickoff show will start at seven 30. Ooh, Eastern. Okay. That'll be on YouTube ESPN dot com. ESPN plus and TikTok live. ESPN dot com. Being live on. There's big deal. Yeah. Oh yeah. Huge deal. You don't hear it in the You. know the intro for where this show lives digitally or socially, because I don't think we normally are, but, but for the good of, Hmm.

0 (1m 26s):
How do I say this? For the good of a generation. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Good for the good of a generation. That is, sounds great. Has seen a lot of things, you know, been around longer than all of us for those that have been around a long time. Might be difficult to find, you know, Hey, we're only hearing that Bill Belichick's doing something for the Dr. What is that? Yeah, we know. Yeah. We've watched football since it's fifties my age. We understand what's going on here. We'd like to watch this entire thing. He is my age. We're peers. Yeah. How do I watch ESPN dot com? We'll be right there at the top. Perfect. Okay. So next Thursday should be epic. So is today Paul Biz Nasty BizNet will join us. Yes. Let's go biz in about eight minutes. you know, talking about the NHL Big hockey news.

0 (2m 6s):
Hockey is awesome and hockey is getting shaken up a little bit right now. Oh yeah. A team in Phoenix that wasn't able to fill an arena for 5,000 people for like the last 10 years. Trying to find a location to kind of agree upon with the community, with the town on where they can build an arena for this team. That is awesome. This Phoenix Coyote squad that has legends that have run through that barn. A fan base that you would hope would be great, but just inevitably thought that they were never gonna have a fair shake with the ownership in which they had in the agreement with the town in which they had. The arena was a minor league type arena. It was a college arena actually. So now that team just gets bought. Sent to Utah. Yep.

0 (2m 46s):
With friend of the program, Ryan Smith. Here we go. In his entire sports group, who are also the owners of the Utah Jazz, Ryan Smith. This morning we got a chance to catch up with, he had a backpack on and he wasn loading his kids into his car to drive them to school. Nice. Is a self-made billionaire. Yeah. Who dropped out of high school, turned his stuff around, sold his first company for a billion, another company for a billion. And he is nowhere near old. No. This man is a young American dream story who now has a team in the NHL and the NBA. Hey. Good on you boy. Good on you. And. that tweet right there says 11,000 in counting people registering for season tickets for the Utah hockey team that does not have a name yet.

0 (3m 31s):
Quakers. Maybe they, that's what I'm not saying, soakers. They, that's what the, I'm not saying it something about good idea, but there's a lot of other names that are phenomenal. Like, there's phenomenal names that could come out of Utah and there's already people talking about, you know, I think old team Grizz You know they used to have Big Bear logo was awesome. There's people, I think they said like maybe the The Yeti. I like that. Yeah. And the Yeti's an awesome thing. There's, there's a lot of different potential names that they're gonna have to figure out and deal with. He said 20,000 as of this morning, dang, sorry, what? 20,000 people or 20,000 people have tried to register to get season tickets over there in Utah. They couldn't fill an arena with 5,000 people. Yeah. 5,000 person arena is the smallest arena in any professional sport that there is in the United States of America.

0 (4m 13s):
That is considered a good league. They couldn't fill it up every single night. They got 20,000 people in Utah saying, Hey, yeah, we want, we'd like to be in there. Go tomorrow. And that's kind of what Ryan Smith was selling whenever we chatted with him. Yeah. Whenever we went out there. he wasn like, these people love sport. Okay. Yeah. We hosted an Olympic, they show up. It is a massive thing. Hospitality's a real deal. They love hockey out here. It's like, if we were to get a team out there, we think we'd be a good host. And within 12 hours of it being announced, they basically already sold out the entire thing with season tickets. Yeah. I'm absurd. So I. Think the current arena has 16,240 seats will be available for hockey. And they debuted what it could look like.

0 (4m 53s):
No. Nowhere near a finished project. But them saying, Hey, this is what it could be. I think they're gonna remodel to get it to 17,000. It's smart. So with 20,000 and then 17,000, obviously there's a little bit of a disparity there. They're gonna reach out, find like partial seat, I mean place could be packed. Yeah. Pace is gonna be packed out there every day. The NHO has to be incredibly pumped. I believe next week there's a, I think there's a press conference happening today and the next week. Like, Hey, good on you Ryan. Yeah. Incredible. Good on, good for hockey. Good for hockey because that barn's gonna be a loud one. We were at the Utah Jazz game place is electrifying packed out too. And Ryan Smith is an owner who's like, yeah, we're not bored either. you know, everybody talks about Balmer toilets and like on a sideline. Yeah. And. we want people to go bananas in the NBA for the Clippers.

0 (5m 35s):
It's like, Smith's the same thing. There is not a single moment where it's like you are not being, we understand this is this show. Yep. We understand you're coming out for a night. I'm excited to see what he does. I think we'll be talking to him on Monday. Nice. Yeah. I think he'll come on show on Monday. Love that. Perfect. Yeah. But we'll have biz on in about five minutes or so to chitchat. 'cause he's Phoenix legend obviously. Coyote's legend. I do believe he got a little bit of emotional whenever he wasn addressing it for the first time after the team was sold. And I think there was a lot of fans, you know, their loyal fans are obviously bummed out about it. There was a a, a skater, an ice coyote. Yep. Member of course who was waving a flag crying. Yeah. You got salespeople. Front office people, ticketing people. I mean you just, there's, there's so many people that go into that.

0 (6m 17s):
Sad company's been very sad. Biz will talk about that. And also hockey's set up for its playoffs. You need to watch the playoffs. Hockey is awesome. Can't wait for that. What's up Paul Skees here.

1 (6m 28s):
What? Well, Paul Kines today. Excuse the flame thrower today. Paul

0 (6m 32s):
Skees. Yeah. Pitcher. Pitcher

1 (6m 34s):
With the mustache.

0 (6m 36s):
Yeah. And And the host. Yeah. The

1 (6m 37s):
Rocket arm.

0 (6m 38s):
Yeah. Ho the host? He's got that one. Yeah. I forget what the stat was last night, but it was like some percentage of his pitches are all over a hundred miles an hour and it's higher than him. Anybody. Yep. There it is. Boom. Most higher mile an hour pitches. This guy's just throwing absolute gas here in Indianapolis for the AAA affiliate for the Pittsburgh Pirates. He's a national champion with LSU. Obviously we know his story. He's gonna be in here and last night he saw it down just like the entire summer. Pretty

1 (7m 5s):
Usual. Let's

0 (7m 5s):
Go. Yeah. I mean it's just boom, boom, boom. He's gonna be a Pittsburgh Pirate soon. He's part of the Hon Boys. We had Randy Johnson on yesterday. Yep. We had jet passing on. We had CC Saba. Now we got AAA pitcher on. Yeah. We're a baseball program.

1 (7m 18s):
We like baseball

0 (7m 19s):
That Yeah. Love the conversations. It's not

1 (7m 21s):
Baseball. We like players. Okay. We

0 (7m 22s):
Yeah, we do. We enjoy it. We've enjoyed the community. And also it feels like baseball. And this is me speaking not from experience long season. A lot of travel. I think a lot of potential baseball people do watch our program for sure. Oh. Even though we don't talk, kids are on the road a lot. Yep. So on their phones, on their iPads, I think there is a big baseball community. And. we like to say, Hey, I don't know how people watch full games, but I love watching you guys do your thing when you do it. I love watching it our 49 minutes. So you're starting to scratch me where I at. Yeah. Yeah. I know baseball purists don't love it. But we'll ask Paul Skees his thoughts on all of it. 'cause he's a pitcher that throws hard. Yeah, we got the elbow stuff going on in baseball. We got the pitch clock stuff going on in baseball. We got the baseballs going on in baseball right now.

0 (8m 3s):
Can't wait to chit chat with him and see where he is headed. Then we'll also have Mad Mel Kiper On today.

1 (8m 8s):
Ooh, okay.

0 (8m 9s):
And Donnie Don Don will be live from the rumor. Whoa Hell. yeah. Obviously AJ Hawk. And also the whole time the Toxic Table at Boston Connor and at Ty Schmidt. A nice little montage of all the greats there on your chest today. Yeah.

1 (8m 21s):
This is actually the Calin Erse shirts. Oh yes. That, that, that. Wow. I didn't know this is what it looked like. 'cause when I got the gift, like I said, I was pissed off. I just kind of threw it in

0 (8m 31s):
My locker. Kay Erse is the owner of the Indianapolis Colts who was on our program whenever we were down at the annual meetings. Obviously we know her from being in Indie. She sent a gift to New England Patriot Superfan. Yep. And outright Rude man. Yeah, for

1 (8m 45s):
Sure.

0 (8m 46s):
I bought the Indianapolis Col sometimes. Oh yeah. A rude boy if you'll, she sent you a birthday gift And. it was a beautiful That's a great

1 (8m 52s):
Shirt. Great shirt. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very pleased with it. I mean I love the montage shirts. I think those are the best shirts. So this does kind of jump into the power rankings pretty quickly here. But no, it's a very nice thing. I'm glad to be able to wear it on a feel good Friday That's stacked to the gills.

0 (9m 5s):
Yeah, it is stacked to the gills. Just like that shirt. Yeah, a little

1 (9m 7s):
Bit. It

0 (9m 7s):
Really is. Yeah. See You know team. You can kinda see yourself, see how much ink is on that particular one. Oh yeah. That's what normally is on. There's levels to this. Yeah, there is

2 (9m 13s):
For sure.

0 (9m 14s):
Ty Mad. Mel Kiper is on the show. You guys gonna be able to keep it civil or what?

3 (9m 17s):
I mean we'll see. I'm gonna try. It's Hey, it's never me. True. you know, it's never me who has issue with anything. It's usually him. So Yeah. You know I'm, I'm looking forward to see what, Hey, we're getting close to the draft here. I mean we've been talking about this for how long we get all these big boards coming out like it. It's unbelievable that the draft is a less, less than a week away.

0 (9m 34s):
It's six days until we'll see some dreams come true. We'll see some fans get pumped in. Some fans boo. Yeah. But it should be a blast for me. And you now one half of the hammer done Cowboys toned digs is here toned great fit today. Thank you. You know that got cowboy boots on. Yep. I mean the guy's really doing, wow. I mean the guy is absolutely doing it right now. Big news in the sports gambling road. No, not the guy getting banned. No. Okay. Not the interpreter stealing 16 million. That's that too. With 24 million more on way. Not any of that. No, no, no. What we're talking about is odds moving quickly, drastically. One week out from the NF NFL Draft for the number two overall pick. This comes after the 20 person top 30 visit to the Washington Commanders with Top Golf and Hangouts and meetings and sessions and Jayden Daniels' agent going, huh?

0 (10m 24s):
Whenever it was announced about, this is not how it normally goes. How much one-on-one time the guys get and then the books react in this fashion. Who's talking to 'em? What do they know and what does this mean to Normally, whenever something like this happens in the past,

2 (10m 38s):
I think it was earlier this week when we did the Jaden Daniels and Drake May Odd Movement, And. it was the other way where it was like, oh, Daniels guaranteed it too And. we, we could see why. 'cause it was Shafter who said, Hey, you could, you could get that Jayden, Daniels jersey And. it was also regs put out his mock and he had Daniels going at number two. So you kind of understood why that movement went for Daniels at number two. But last night, late last night. Drake may like those odds. That's not a small move. That's a, that's over a $2 move for Drake. May potentially go in number two. Now Jane Daniels still the favorite, but Drake made basically the same odds. And that then you look at the tea leaves, you gotta find the scuttlebutt on why. And there's some, there's some scuttlebutt out there going around where, 'cause 'cause Drake's kind of dropped a little bit yesterday that said, Hey, maybe Jane Daniels doesn't want to go to the commanders.

2 (11m 22s):
And then Florio I think this morning kind of said the same thing. So I don't know if that's the reason why they're mo or the, the, the agent and, but the, the only reason I can think of right now that's out there, 'cause we know the same as sports books or people say they owe the same as the sports books is that Jane Daniels potentially doesn't want to go to the commanders. That could be all bullshit. It's probably all bullshit. A lot of this stuff is all bullshit right before the draft happens. But

0 (11m 43s):
No, told us the closer you get, the more real it feels. Yeah.

2 (11m 45s):
But if and if you're playing on the bullshit, your odd just got a lot better just to take Jane Daniels and number two. Well,

0 (11m 50s):
And also Gumpy, I I saw you tweet last night about a, a safe bet right now. Yeah. As these books are moving on the draft pile.

4 (11m 56s):
Yeah. I'm all in on Drake May at three. I mean Schefter Schefter iss pretty dialed in with the commanders.

0 (12m 1s):
So if Jayden Daniels is allegedly with all the potential bullshit that's being spewed right now is telling the commanders that they don't want it, they don't want it, then you would assume that's Drake may go into, you would think, or somebody else. I guess that only is the only thing that kinda throws a wrench in the entire thing.

4 (12m 17s):
Yeah. You either, it's either a big swing and you miss or a big swing and you hit 'cause two and three, like you're getting Drake Ma and Jamie Daniels. Either way,

0 (12m 24s):
What happens if Michael Pennix?

1 (12m 29s):
Yeah,

4 (12m 29s):
I would absolutely. I've, I've been gassing Pennix up. I don't know. He's minus one 30 to go in the first round. That is free money. How does Pennix get outta the first, what

0 (12m 36s):
Did he run? What did he run? Like a

1 (12m 38s):
4 4 4 4 8.

0 (12m 39s):
Four four. And the thing is, while his injuries, it's like injuries are cool, dude just ran four four, he ran his, his legs are better than a lot of people's. Yeah. Actually the surgeries might have made him faster. True. Stronger and everything in it. And then the amount of football that he's played, the accuracy that he has and the pro style of like building that Kalin dubois runs, it's like that guy feels like he's ready made. But I'm not saying he should be getting drafted above anybody. But if that was to happen, that would be like just like the Trey Lance Mack Jones situation. Yeah. A couple years back where things come out of nowhere and that's why the draft is so beautiful. Yeah. Legitimately. Because we have no idea. All you need is one billionaire to be like, not that's what I want.

0 (13m 24s):
Yeah. And, we have seen so many cases of that in the past and there was a chance it could take place on Thursday.

1 (13m 29s):
And if this is the case for like Jayden Daniels is saying, Hey I don't want to go to the Commies, I'm not playing for him. You gotta love that. Gotta respect you. But also, you know, that might open the door again for the number two pick me traded like the talk before from Daniel Jeremiah. I mean this is last month in, in March. He said Yeah, you know, if I'm looking at a team to trade, probably not at three Patriots are probably gonna stay, but the commanders are the team you could look at as a possible trade candidate. So if Jayden Daniels is their guy and they don't love anybody else, does that open the door for, hey, you know Antonio Pierce, everyone knows you need a quarterback and you love Jaden Daniels. Why don't you just send over Devonte Adams in three first round picks and you can come up to two and take your guy and have your quarterback in the

0 (14m 10s):
Future. Could you imagine that trade taking place on Thursday night with Bill there kind of sitting there? Yeah. It would be Devonte on the move would be a huge swing nuts. And then anytime people have leveraged the future of their team on a draft pick, has it worked? Do we remember any of those working

1 (14m 29s):
In recent memory? No.

0 (14m 30s):
That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Recent

1 (14m 31s):
History, definitely not.

0 (14m 33s):
So if somebody was to do that, I would assume the analytics and stats and a lot of people would be telling them this is not necessarily the best move for the future. But Josh a Josh Allen's situation with Brandon Bean. Brandon Bean at the combine. Yeah. We traded up to get Josh Allen and some people said we gave up too much. But if Josh Allen's goes on to be be what we think he's gonna be, nobody will care. And if he's not, we'll get fired. Yeah. Yeah. So that is, that is how this whole thing goes. And that's the type of investment that you could potentially risk on the first round of the draft.

3 (15m 1s):
And with the Raiders, you could almost argue like all that stuff is kind of a moot point. 'cause you're in the division with Patrick Mahomes. So if you think Jayden Daniels could be your, your franchise quarterback for the next 15 years, then like, is it really that big of a deal? If you have to give up three first round draft picks? Like if you're gonna get a guy that can actually maybe get you eye level with the Chiefs, then you do what you gotta do. Because otherwise you're kind of just in this limbo where it's like, hey we're we're, if we have our a great season, we're probably still playing for second place in the division And, then we still have to go through the chiefs in the playoffs. Anyway, I'll

0 (15m 32s):
Be excited to see how it changes over the weekend. you know, more people chitchatting with each other, more happy hours potentially taking place. Yep. you know, more text messages, more emails, more. Scratch my back, I'll scratch your back quid pro quo. Yeah. Course is gonna be taking place with information over the next few days. Excited how the draft odds changed. But remember the draft books don't have an advantage on us with the draft.

3 (15m 51s):
No they don't.

0 (15m 51s):
The sports books don't have an advantage on us with the draft. They know just as much as we know. And if they know something more, it's illegal. Yeah. There go And. it can't take 'em to

3 (15m 60s):
Jail

0 (16m 0s):
Forever. Immediately. Like

5 (16m 2s):
The court storms.

0 (16m 3s):
That's right. That was in, yep. Sure. Yep. That was back in before March, man. College basketball was Yeah. Oh geez. Remember that guy broke his, yeah.

3 (16m 13s):
Ows

5 (16m 13s):
Still played in the tournament somehow. It was

0 (16m 15s):
Weird. Yeah. But a week later he did the thing. That's why if you're a Bucks fan, Younis could come back. You never know. Yeah, exactly. We watched Phil Osky take a freight train to a knee. Yep. Get carried off a court. And then one week later, windmill Duncan basketball players are built different. We need to remember that joining us now is also a man who's been built different. Not only is one of the most entertaining and electrifying humans of all time. One of the greatest hockey players ever. Hell.

3 (16m 37s):
Yeah.

0 (16m 37s):
Oh sure. People are ever gonna say that about him in the hockey world. Why? Because he wasn't wayneo. Yeah. 'cause he wasn in Sydney Crosby who he is. Okay. he wasn a pro for 30 years. Yeah.

5 (16m 46s):
Had a little bit of respect,

0 (16m 47s):
Ladies and gentlemen from TNT and the Spit and Chiclets podcast brought to you by Barstow Sports Biz Nasty Paul BizNet.

5 (16m 55s):
Yay.

0 (16m 57s):
What's up buddy? Great to

5 (16m 58s):
See. Hey. Best grocery stick of all time.

0 (17m 1s):
Oh, is that right? Is that the, is that the proper title?

5 (17m 5s):
Yeah, it's the, the guy who used to separate the D in the forwards on the bench and just kind of sit there and make sure he manned the gate the entire game. So that's what I'm labeled as the greatest grocery stick of all time. God,

0 (17m 15s):
You were so good though. Yeah. Filthy. You think about the vibes, the vibes that you're bringing to both sides. I mean the, you know the, the glue actually

3 (17m 22s):
Oxy. Yeah.

0 (17m 23s):
That's the actual glue. Glue. You're the greatest glue in the history of a hockey bench. Okay. Wow. How bad glue. That's what I heard. Blue

3 (17m 29s):
Guy

5 (17m 30s):
Got Gorilla Glue.

0 (17m 31s):
Yeah. That's what we like to talk about. I saw you get a little bit emotional the other night. Let's dive right into it. This didn't feel like something that was, you know, known by a lot of people as it was happening. And then it gets dropped overnight. It had been rumored and lingered about potentially Utah getting involved with an NHL team. And when Ryan Smith was out here, he wasn like there is a lot that has to happen before that. Didn't know if it was gonna be expansion. Like when's the next time they expand because NHL expansion always does well, seemingly for the team and the city with the way they set it up with the draft and everything. This is just an outright purchase. See you later. You're out of town. Emotional last evening. Obviously we watch with the ticketing and sales and coaches and players and everything like that.

0 (18m 11s):
But alumni assume, how are you feeling with the relocation of the Phoenix Coyotes and what does this mean for the future of the NHL you think? How, how does this work out

5 (18m 20s):
Brutal for, for Phoenix and Arizona area for all hockey fans? you know, I've been there for, for a long time and, and not only on the playing side, but the media side. So to say that it kind of happened overnight, I guess that would be a a, a true statement in the sense that I didn't think it was gonna happen this soon. I think that people were aware that at the deadline this summer, if they weren't gonna win the land auction as far as building a new arena, it just wasn't gonna be sustainable in playing out of the mullet in Tempe, which is a, a a, it's a, it's a college rink, right? There's 5,000 people. So as far as it going to Ryan Smith, I think he's gonna be an incredible owner. I think the reason it was kept hush hush is Gary doesn't really like a lot of this stuff becoming public knowledge.

5 (19m 3s):
He wants it all under wraps, all controlled, until eventually a decision is gonna be gonna be made. So Ryan Smith, obviously the classy guy that he is, wasn't speaking very publicly about this, but ultimately wanted to bring a team to Utah. He's an incredible sports owner in the NBA and I think he's got a lot of bright, amazing ideas and how to also grow it from a hockey community sense. And I know people are maybe a little bit critical of the size of the market and everybody gets very numbers focused when it comes to markets. But I think he's insured us. And even, even with the amount of season tickets already sold or people with the deposits down ensures that there is gonna be local support there.

5 (19m 45s):
But just going back to, to the coyote situation, it just sucks because of all the amazing people that I got to be around and work with there, I do feel like they were blindsided in how soon this happened. Not saying they were aware that there was potential that it was gonna happen, but, but I do hope that they do eventually get a team back. Because I do think that hockey will work in the desert. I don't know if it'll work with the former owners that have just now moved the team and still kind of hold the rights if they want to bring one back.

0 (20m 15s):
Yeah, that's what I saw. Five years. They have, and I believe the statement said, we are committed to this community and to building a first class sports arena and entertainment district without seeking financial support from the public end up in what every, the NHL and everybody's been looking for for like five, 10 years seemingly end up in kind of the thing. So how much longer, what is it? Because the quote, I think I saw the tweet, the narrative being sent before or above the actual quote was like, owner is committed to bringing team back. It's like, and then you read it, it's like, where, where was this for like the last five, six years? you know? Yeah. Isn't this like a too little too late and this guy then five years, he's the one that, he's the only one that can get a team back in there.

0 (20m 58s):
Or can some biz nasty team up with some VC firm and be able to buy those. Like how does that work legit? 'cause what I've learned,

5 (21m 5s):
I better be starting to sell a little bit more vodka if I want to think about purchasing a sports team.

0 (21m 10s):
A big Whitney's for sure.

5 (21m 11s):
I, yeah. I, I truly believe that he wants to bring a team back. And I think that he wanted to make it work when he purchased the team. I think he did So for about, let's say 300 million in that range, right? So a great bargain. I don't think it was gonna work in Glendale, the commute's too much. People in that area maybe don't have the disposable income that people, let's say in North Scottsdale and Tempe and other areas of Arizona. So pv

0 (21m 38s):
Of course,

5 (21m 39s):
What's that?

0 (21m 40s):
Paradise Valley, I think. Is that what it's called? pv?

5 (21m 42s):
Is it? Yeah, pvs. pvs Beautiful. But like, yeah, so that, that whole area, anything close to that, people have the money in order to have disposable income to go watch sports. Now, as far as the arena lease in Glendale, it just wasn't working out. So they decided to move over to Tempe for the short period of time. Now, I think that when they were trying to secure the other land there, they in Tempe to eventually build this, this whole project that they had planned, they thought that they were gonna ri win the votes outright. But people in the city were pushing back on it. They put like a, you know, they, they, they put their forces behind it to basically say, we don't want this here And, we don't want you to use taxpayers dollars in order to build it.

5 (22m 22s):
Even though that I believe that that wasn't the case, and a lot of it was gonna be funded by Morelo, they completely, like, they didn't go into the, the, the situation being serious about it. They didn't spend enough money to advertise at the fact that what they actually wanted to do, so not taking it seriously, they, they ended up voting against it. So all of a sudden they try to shift to buying land in North Scottsdale. It's getting jammed up. And on top of all that, with the business dealings that have been going around in the area and the word that has gotten around about this ownership group, there's a lack of trust that they'll even execute it and get it done. Mm mm Now you can make of that what you will, but from per, I've never been personally wronged by the, by the melos.

5 (23m 6s):
I, I worked for the team and then slowly didn't because of certain reasons and talking to people that I trust in the organization at the fact that bills were sometimes going unpaid. Like they had issues with hotel bills when they were going on the road that hadn't been paid for a while where the league had to step in, in the

0 (23m 22s):
NHL.

5 (23m 24s):
Just, just, just really petty stuff. Exactly. To where it's like, how is somebody gonna take, how are you gonna take somebody seriously who's doing things like that? And then dragging out bill process than af offering You know three quarters or half of what the amount was agreed upon originally. So, like I said, the trust has slowly been lost, where now all of a sudden it got to a situation where they're saying, this isn't gonna get done anytime soon. Let's do what's right for the league. Let's get an NHL team to where people are gonna want it with an owner who's gonna be incredible and support and, and get fan support. Get that figured out and then still give this guy the opportunity in five years to eventually potentially execute this. But I personally believe, and Pat, you know, as much as, anyway, anyone, excuse me, the sports business is about the people.

5 (24m 11s):
If you're in it to like make money in which you probably will eventually, if that's your main goal, I don't think it's gonna end up working in the end. So they need to completely repair their image in that community if they have any hopes of actually executing this in the next five years. That's my personal opinion.

0 (24m 28s):
Well, thank you very much for clarifying all of that. Yes. I mean the bill's unpaid. That sounds like USFL stuff. Yeah. Bingo. you know, like that, that like hotel, like that's amateur stuff. And I assume the league office was like, this is not what our league is You know. But now let's talk about hockey community a little bit. How do they feel about this? Are they pumped? Because like Ryan Smith, we've only, I mean, I feel like we know him pretty good for sure. I feel like we've hung out with him numerous times. We've know him pretty well. He's gonna inv like he's gonna go all in here. He's gonna spend and he's gonna commit and he's gonna hire and he's gonna, he he's one of those like, he's a psycho. Yeah. This guy is a business psycho, you know, like

5 (25m 6s):
He's built different, yeah,

0 (25m 7s):
He's built different. Like he's gonna go, that is what he's gonna do all the while trying to make it the best. Is the hockey community happy about the move to Utah? Is the hockey community as a whole? I, I mean, I don't know. Obviously the people in Phoenix that just lost their jobs aren't gonna be the necessarily the most pumped people. I don't think they're mad at Ryan Smith, but the whole situation. But hockey community as a whole, are we happy about the move to Utah and the energy and the freshness for hockey?

5 (25m 29s):
Yeah, I mean, personally I just want strong ownership. I think it's been mixed opinions online for the one that I said earlier in the fact people may be doubt it based on the number and the population there. Got it. Got it. Ryan Smith will ensure you that it's about the support. It has nothing to do with the overall number. And he even said, I believe that they draw a little bit better in Utah, even from the NBA perspective than they do in with the Phoenix Suns. So even that will tell you, and I don't know where they are exactly in the standings, but with good support and him wanting to put his own money and resources into building that new arena and new area, I think that they're gonna get tons of fan support. And I think it's gonna be a first class organization with a lot of forward thinking.

5 (26m 15s):
Like this guy is, is 10 steps ahead of the next guy. He's just, he's a, he's a brilliant ma he's a brilliant mind. And the fact that he's gonna have both teams there out of the same building, I do think it's gonna have that community support and I think it is gonna be successful. The only thing they gotta worry about is naming the team. Yeah. Which

0 (26m 32s):
I think there's already, I mean, there's been a few thrown out there is, have you heard about a couple of these names?

5 (26m 38s):
The Yeah, the, the, the Kobe Armstrong, a guy involved with us. The, the Salt Lake. City Soakers. And I know you guys know what the, the term soakers is. They're they're not big thrusters there. They

0 (26m 49s):
No, well, well, well, I don't have heard

5 (26m 50s):
About premarital sex is a big issue there. Have you

0 (26m 52s):
Heard about the quaking? Have you heard about the quaking?

5 (26m 56s):
No. No. Please describe. Oh

0 (26m 58s):
Well you bunk bit. See you're way behind. Excuse me. We were outta Utah this past fall. And, we learned a lot. We were there. We went to a jazz game. We got a chance to really mingle. So soaking is old news. Soaking is the older generation. Yeah. You guys wanna accidentally lay inside of each other? Do your thing. Yep. The younger generation, now what they do is bunk beds. Okay, we're soaking on the top mic cow cowgirl. Yep. Yeah, cowgirl, I believe. And then underneath buddy lad kicking, quaking it up.

5 (27m 30s):
Magic. That's how they're, that's how they're cheating it. Yep. Yep. That's how they're cheating it. It's not on, there's no movement up top. It's coming from like a cian style leg there from the bottom. Just Yeah. Watch like Howard Stern. Yeah. Bingo.

0 (27m 41s):
Yeah. And it, it depends. Holy. Yeah. Smart. He's Hey smart You know necessity is the father and mother of ingenuity. That's right. And I don't know who the first donkey was underneath that was kicking or horse that was doing the kicking. But you find a good, you find a good lad. I think you're probably linking up for the rest of,

5 (27m 60s):
Well they gotta have quads. Like you, you need, you need a bunk make like, you know, like you the one who could kick a, a football 50, 60 yards every time. No, no questions asked.

0 (28m 8s):
So that was, I did think there was probably good business for me to be had. If I would've went to school out there high price, I think I would've been an okay. Okay. Quaker, this guy's the best Quaker in town. Yeah. My rates would be going away. Oh man. Corner. Oh my God. As

5 (28m 21s):
Is there like a rotation aspect where like that? Now the other guy moves to the bottom and helps you

0 (28m 26s):
Out. I assume there's a little teammate for me. I'd be a hired quake. Yep. So I. I'll come to your bunk. I'll come to your bunk. I don't want you coming to mind because road games, I'd be going everybody on.

5 (28m 35s):
We call that a, we call that an odd man. Russian hockey. No, back check two on one, no back checkers.

0 (28m 41s):
Bingo.

5 (28m 42s):
Anyways. Gotta gotta move the legs. Feed the wolf as

0 (28m 45s):
They say. Yeah. Alright, let's, let's continue with some hockey talk. And I don't know if they're gonna name the team the Soakers or the Quakers. They might though. Maybe could, could. It has to be on board. It should. It has to be on the board. I assume Ryan Smith not the biggest fan of us. Just only. No, he's not. No. Every time he's come on our show, first seven to 10 minutes are, has there been any innovations in the Quake game? you know, and then he's like, oh, stop, stop, stop. And it's like talk to his people. FaceTime them this morning and he called us predictable. Lame and boring. We did exactly what you said there about soaking and me. You guys are so predictable. He new material as predictable as the sun coming up. This crew right here, Quan, that's all you're gonna say. He's awesome. We are big fans of his.

0 (29m 26s):
I think it's gonna do very well. Let's talk about hockey right now though. Playoffs have been set. Who do you like here? Who do we like? The Bruins gonna do it. Are the Bruins gonna be able to maybe win one here? No,

5 (29m 35s):
They're gonna get smoked by the Leafs. My Toronto Maple Leaf. It's their year. Okay. It's their year. They're gonna, they're gonna go on a bit of a heater and they're gonna break

6 (29m 43s):
Biz. Don't be a mark. Don't don't be a mark

5 (29m 47s):
Now. Okay, we got Boston Connor over there.

6 (29m 50s):
I

5 (29m 50s):
Biz jock sniffer for the bees

6 (29m 52s):
BB.

1 (29m 53s):
When was the last time the Maple police beat the Bruins in the playoffs series? Tell the people.

5 (29m 57s):
I don't think it's been since like the fifties or sixties.

1 (29m 60s):
Yeah. Bingo. So what are you doing bumping your gums about that shitty team in Toronto? Be in the Boston Bruins. Don't be an asshole. Okay,

5 (30m 7s):
Well we keep talking about being built different. I think they went and stocked up on some, some heavy, heavy bodies. They got the skill. It's all about producing through the pressure. Oh. And through the punishment of the Boston Bruins. And you saw the last game, even though the regular season didn't go well for the Toronto maples against the Boston Bruins. Yeah, it will go mighty fine. Come playoff time. We're gonna reverse the curse here, which is the Boston Bruins.

1 (30m 29s):
In no world that is happening, my friend. You saw what happened when Toronto played Boston. What Marcy said. Oh, I'm coming for all of you. I'm coming for, I'm taking all your heads off. You remember that bitch? He's

0 (30m 38s):
A killer. He's a killer's a killer.

1 (30m 40s):
You don't have any of those. And

6 (30m 41s):
By the way, you're talking about big guys. Do you guys have

1 (30m 43s):
The biggest son of a bitch in the NHL? The big rig Pat Maroon.

6 (30m 47s):
No you don't. The Bruins do So I. Matthew 70 Gold are cute. What's he gonna do when the big rigs mi are in his grill biz? Huh? Then what?

5 (30m 56s):
You, you, you think Patty Maroon's gonna shimmy shake Ryan Res?

6 (30m 60s):
Yeah, I do. I

1 (31m 1s):
A thousand percent do the big rigs smoke. He's like,

6 (31m 3s):
Mike Tyson,

5 (31m 4s):
I want what? You're smoking.

6 (31m 5s):
You're

1 (31m 6s):
Smoking, buddy. I'm not smoking anything except for the Stanley Cup in two.

6 (31m 10s):
How about that dude

0 (31m 11s):
And Stanley's cup too? Maybe The whole thought, the whole thought of you cutting a promo at the edge of this stage with that wide shot though. I mean it was, that was one of the most glorious moments we've had in some time. but you know, Connor actually, we bring PK on and hates the bru.

1 (31m 29s):
He admit, he admitted self-admitted said, you know what? Yeah, I don't like talking about the Bruins 'cause I hate

0 (31m 33s):
Him. Yeah. So

5 (31m 34s):
Val, well he wasn a Montreal guy. So that's just a built-in hardcore rivalry to begin with. So I can understand that. And also I think he would get heckled pretty hard when he would go to Boston. So he's got some, well-deserved hate for Bruins faith.

1 (31m 47s):
Well, to be fair, PK he, he wasn a slippery son of a bitch. PK played, played his own game. He played sometimes dirty. Some people would say sometimes no, sometimes he played a little soft. He would, he would flop. People would say no. And, and you could, you know, make your own decisions on whether he wasn flopping it or not. Check the tape he flopped every single time. That's

0 (32m 5s):
Gamesman shit. Well they,

5 (32m 6s):
They started calling him pk slew band. Boom. He wouldn't mind giving the old little slew foot behind guys' legs, which, hey man, all's fair and love and war. Oh, slew foot. You ever see, you ever see the slough foot? I don't. It's a bit of a gr it's a greasy play. It's a greasy. Ask him why they call him PK slew band next time he comes on. I call

0 (32m 25s):
Him right now. We'll, we'll see why they call him. It might kick him the right heel into the left or what's happening there.

5 (32m 31s):
It doesn't matter what side you're on, but you know, the minute you tap the back of the boot in a, with a, with a hockey skate on the guy's going ass over t count. So that's, people started accusing him of doing a little bit too much of that later in his career in a way to maybe keep up and, and, and pin in these young guys. But hey, don't they don't kill the messenger here. That's what they were calling on the Twitter world. And

0 (32m 52s):
I'm big day Slew band. Yeah, that's classic slew ban hockey. You know, let's go to the West. Obviously we had a very, very civil conversation there about the east. What do you think about the West biz?

5 (33m 3s):
So I'm actually really liking Edmonton right now, just based on that first round matchup. I think that, well they've played LA the last two years and, and gave it to 'em. Dallas was my favorite probably coming in. But all of a sudden now they're matched up against the Golden Knights, the cap circumcisions as I like to call 'em. That's right. Because they put all these guys on the long term IR then, which you're allowed to add salary. So they go and make all these awesome trades. They end up Bring, him, Natty, Noah Hannifin Thomas hurdle, and then all of a sudden the minute game one hits all their guys are healthy again. Well,

0 (33m 36s):
Tampa did this. Let's not just judge your golden night bow cheaters. There's a lot of work. This is gamesmanship that's just like, like Slew band sounds like cheat, just like slew band trying to win.

5 (33m 47s):
I I actually personally don't care. I'm just calling it out for what it is. I think that they're, they're GM and their present. They're GM and president are like the pinky in the brain. They're, they're like Ryan Smith. They're a few steps ahead and they've been known to be cutthroat individuals. They're, they're not exactly loyal. They care about winning. They care about now and they want to add rings to their finger and that's why they're cap circumcisions. They will do anything it takes to win. And now all of a sudden as the eight seed and defending Stanley, the Cup champions, they're going against the Western conference Champs in the Dallas Stars, who in my opinion are the, the best built team probably in all of playoffs. They have Ottinger, unbelievable gold tenor.

5 (34m 28s):
They have great defense who are mobile, big and solid. They have two first lines and then they also got two guys on entry level contracts. Wyatt Johnson and this Stanko And, we call 'em stanky leg. You do the stanky leg Hell. yeah. These guys are buzzing out there on the third line. So they're a well-oiled machine. And if gun to my head, I would have to pick the Dallas Stars to take it all down.

0 (34m 52s):
Okay. The, the west or the whole thing?

5 (34m 55s):
The west. And on the east, like I said, I'm gonna be a homer. I'm gonna go with my lease, but outside of picking my car. So

0 (35m 2s):
The leaves Yeah, ahead. Go ahead. Yeah.

5 (35m 4s):
My, my dark horse would be the Carolina Hurricanes small market team. Yeah. Genzel. But they made a few big pickups at the deadline. Of course they play man on man defense and they are just once again a well-oiled machine of the

0 (35m 18s):
East. Yeah. Genzel is a weapon. I can't believe you left Pittsburgh. That's not good news. Shout out to the Fenway Sports group. Yeah, that's great. Get Crosby out. It's funny like Toronto, because in the first round they're taking on a team that has a guy who has three cups. That's right. And you wanna talk about a big rig. Who's gonna get bodied is what biz said. Like gentleman. Pat Maroon Boo.

7 (35m 40s):
What's up boy?

5 (35m 42s):
Hello? Mr. Pat. Maroon. Hey,

7 (35m 44s):
What's up is

0 (35m 46s):
Hey Pat,

5 (35m 47s):
I, you tell me. No, no, tell him. Mar Pat tell me what's up. Tell a big

0 (35m 51s):
Patty. There's no way you heard this. There's no way you heard this 'cause you're in the middle of actual run here and life and everything. Boston, Connor and biz just got into quite a dispute about, I believe the, the ending comment from biz was Pat Maroon will get dummied by Ryan. Reese. That's what he said. I believe that is what he said in That's

5 (36m 10s):
Sugarcoating it too. That's Listen to this. He's gonna help your eyes shut. He's gonna give you so many rights. You're begging for a left. Pat Pat.

0 (36m 17s):
Maroon. How about, is that true, Patty? I'm just trying to do journalism here. Is that true? And why, why is biz saying this? I thought we were all on the same side here.

7 (36m 25s):
Well, business at least, man. That's why. Yeah. And the only reason business saying that, 'cause Ryan Reese pumped his eyes shut too. I don't think we all know Reed's a tough guy, but whatever. It's about showing up, eh, boom. That's all it is. How do feel? It's about showing up and getting into action.

0 (36m 42s):
How do you feel, Patty? How's the body? How's life?

7 (36m 45s):
I feel good. Ready for another run here. We have obviously another challenge ahead of us with Toronto. They're a good hockey team, so I'm looking forward to it. Especially playing for Boston Original six team. Really fucking looking forward to it. Sorry for that, but No,

0 (36m 59s):
That's okay. Don't worry about it. You got, do you got do boys? You got do, got do boys. Connor has one last speech to give to you, Pat, because I'll tell you what, he got pretty fired up about what biz was saying earlier. Yeah,

1 (37m 8s):
Look big Greg. I I know you weren't there, you know, last year, but, but what this team means to Boston, I, I can't put into words to be completely honest with you. And to say that the city needs this would be an understatement. I I think the city is, is living and dying with this Boston Bruins team and getting you to join the squad. And as the camera zooms out, you can see that pasta jersey. It doesn't say pasta knock. It says pasta because that's what we're gonna need this, this off scene. 'cause unfortunately, last playoffs, we had to hang that banner as a memorial to the great season. The record setting season last year, that fell oh so short in the first round. And I don't think the city of Boston can handle that right now. Big rig. So we're gonna need you to, you know, maybe beat the shit outta 10 to 15 maple leaf a night.

1 (37m 52s):
I mean, you can You can get what You can get. How, how many minutes are there in a game? 60. So You can get 12 game misconduct. You can get 12 majors for fighting in one game. I, I believe that That's good math. That math, that math.

5 (38m 3s):
You won't even be seeing the ice. You can't even bend his, he can't even bend his knees anymore. You skate like me. You're doing, you're doing, you're doing the chopstick dance out there on the fourth line. You can't even get in on the fourth line. You listening to this grocery stick and hey, and you tell that midget Marsha to keep his, you tell that midget mar guard to keep his paw off. My boy Marner. Get it right. And if you even think about going next to Pablo on the ice, you better reconsider it buddy. 'cause I will come and find you on the streets of Boston and I will handle the business myself.

1 (38m 38s):
All right. Kick his ass.

7 (38m 40s):
Ben, what was the closest thing you came to a playoff game?

5 (38m 44s):
I played in a playoff game

7 (38m 44s):
Game. A playoff game.

5 (38m 49s):
I played one second against the Chicago Blackhawk Crap on, on play it go babe. I, I forgot to do my tie down and I thought Brandon Bowl league and my jersey came up and then I got the gate. I played one second, one second. I got proof. I got the Pat. Hey, hey Pat McAfee.

7 (39m 7s):
Good thing you came out the game early. You're doing a good job.

5 (39m 10s):
Show him. I played a second in a playoff game.

0 (39m 11s):
All right, we believe you. How about that? We just believe that it happened. Mm. And that was the greatest. One second they said in the history of playoff hockey. Yeah. Yep. Pat.

5 (39m 18s):
That's what I'm

0 (39m 19s):
Saying. What we would like to say is thank you to you and the boys and the rest of the NHO for what's about to be an electrifying playoffs. You're the man Cheers brother.

7 (39m 28s):
Hey, thanks boys. Thanks for having me. Don't listen to biz.

0 (39m 31s):
Never, never, never. Don't worry about that.

7 (39m 32s):
First inside of the league. Okay.

0 (39m 34s):
Jesus. Pat

8 (39m 35s):
Around. Hey, big room.

0 (39m 37s):
Hey, I appreciate the hell outta you too, man. Thank you for joining us today.

5 (39m 40s):
I love you boys. Keep doing your thing.

0 (39m 42s):
That was election.

5 (39m 43s):
What's our bet? What's our bet? Boston?

1 (39m 46s):
I mean, I don't know, you tell me. 'cause I I mean I I'll wage your anything I I'll wager the farm. That's how confident I'm

0 (39m 51s):
Let's say this. Let's say this. How about, how about you guys do 10 public pushups? So like, you'll be able to text him mid show say, Hey, I need two pushups. You got 10 of 'em. He'll be able to do the same to you, whether it's oh TNT or something like that.

5 (40m 4s):
Okay. All right. I like that. I like that. Boom. 10 public pushups. It's a bet.

0 (40m 8s):
Alright, sweet. Ladies and gentlemen. Biz nasty pop. Alright ladies and gentlemen. It was delayed by 10 minutes because I mean, when you got that was Yeah. Yeah. All

1 (40m 18s):
The time. That was pretty sweet.

0 (40m 20s):
Yelling at each other. Yeah. Full on. Well, hello. Yeah. Biz had no idea Pat was coming on. Shout out to Pat. Maroon. Good work in the back there. Ziti hitting him up. Getting him on the line. That has become the new thing. I was talking to somebody this morning and I told 'em, I'm like, I'm a FaceTime person. Not normally a call. And they're like, yeah, you just do it in the middle of shows, right? Like yeah, that's kind of our thing. Oh, gone. You're not live. You're not live. You're not live. Yeah. That's a big deal. You have to do that. Shout out to Pat Maroon and everybody else joining us. Joining us now ladies, gentlemen. In The. ThunderDome. Yep. Is the future of baseball Hell. yeah. Future of pirates baseball. In the future of maybe watching Umpires go. Hey,

8 (40m 57s):
Hey, hey, hey.

0 (40m 60s):
Lazy gentlemen. Pitcher for the Indianapolis

1 (41m 4s):
Indians

0 (41m 6s):
AA affiliate to the Pittsburgh Pirates. That's right. National champion. Polski. Very long comfortable walk. What's up dude? Hell. yeah. Thank you so much man. Nice to meet you. Hey, nice to meet you too.

8 (41m 27s):
Yes sir. There's bro for you,

0 (41m 28s):
My man. You wanna saddle up over there? Yeah, you go around. Good boy Paul. Holy shit.

1 (41m 32s):
Shoes.

0 (41m 33s):
Big son guys. That's a big boy. Ah shit. You are a house dude. Huh? You're a hos. You play football ever or only

9 (41m 39s):
Baseball? Just baseball.

0 (41m 40s):
Okay. Where are you from originally?

9 (41m 42s):
Southern California.

0 (41m 43s):
Southern California. We just talked to Randy Johnson. Okay. So we talked to him yesterday. Yeah. He's six foot 10. And he wasn talking about how a part of his mindset when he wasn on there is, I'm gonna try to make this as an uncomfortable as possible at bat for the batters. 'cause he used to throw hard hot, you know, he used to go at people. I assume that, are you similar in that nature? Because what you're doing right now, nobody else on Earth is doing. They're talking about the amount of a hundred mile an hour plus pitches that are taking place across all baseball, not just AAA majors, everything like that. What is your mindset when you're up there and how come you're able to throw the ball faster than everybody else on Earth, do you think?

9 (42m 17s):
Yeah, I don't know about, I don't know about that one. You do? Yeah. No, I, yeah, I don't know how I do it. Have

0 (42m 25s):
You always just been a rocket even as a kid? No,

9 (42m 27s):
Not, not really. I mean,

0 (42m 29s):
When did it develop?

9 (42m 30s):
Last couple years really. I mean, just growing into my body and getting stronger, And, that kind of thing. I think that was, that was the biggest thing. But I was like, when I was a junior in high school, I was probably th probably thrown 86 miles an hour. Geez. Wow. So it it, it's happened recently.

0 (42m 42s):
So you go to LSU or you go to Air Force, you go to LSU, you develop, you get stronger And. then we watch that run where you guys go in the national championship and you're mustache and you are just like, awesome And. then we see the pirate draft you immediately. Is there a hesitation or a worry that when you go to the next level, you're not gonna be able to do the same stuff? Or if you're throwing a hundred, you're throwing a hundred?

9 (43m 0s):
It, it's different. And so that's something that I'm, I'm learning right now about, you know, just being in, obviously AAA is different than the big leagues, but AAA is also different than college. So just trying to figure that out a little bit.

0 (43m 13s):
What is it, the batters or the ball or what is

9 (43m 15s):
It? Honestly, all of it. And like, you know, people talk about the five and six day rotations, like every, everything's just a little bit different. It's nice that they're using wood bats, but like the hitters are better. The balls are are, you know, smoother and, and like the seams are smaller so it's kinda hard to throw. But, so just a bunch of like little adjustments that you kind of got, gotta get to.

0 (43m 35s):
Seems like you've been okay watching. We watching this, these stats are popping up on the internet. Like seemingly every single time you step in, here's the most a hundred mile an hour, a hundred mile an hour pitches thrown this year. Geez, by, you're the guy by, I don't know. Seems like only be 57 more than second, which is okay. Yeah. Not so bad. I guess that's not bad. I guess that's pretty good with a sweet stash. Oh, it's strong Pittsburgh by the way, the perfect place to go with what you have on your upper lip. Just would like to let you know that little on the fact that you're just throwing absolute heat now before Tony Diggs, who's a big Pittsburgh Pirates fan. And Ty Schmidt is a massive baseball fan. Have questions because we assume you're gonna go on to do amazing things and we're gonna be able to run this back like 10 years from now and be super pumped about it.

0 (44m 17s):
Yeah, we appreciate you doing this. Are you paying attention to what's going on in baseball in the pitching position? I assume you would have to with the elbows and the conversation about how these young kids are throwing a hundred and some pitches at the age of nine, which is potentially affecting them whenever they grow older. Do you think about all that stuff? What are your thoughts on it? 'cause obviously you throw hard as shit. Is that something you have to monitor, gauge, and how do you kind of deal with it all?

9 (44m 38s):
Yeah, I mean, like I said about like, just growing into my body. I think You know part of it. you know, you, you gotta be strong to throw hard in the first place. But like, and then in order to You know, continue to throw hard, you have to be strong. So, I think that's like the biggest piece. It's just part of the game. It, it, it sucks, but it's just part of the game. And, and that's, you know, you can't go out there thinking about that. It, it really, it could happen, but that's not You know. The, your job is to go out there and throw hard and get out. It's like, so, and then, you know, do whatever it takes between starts to go out there and continue to do that over the long season. So

0 (45m 15s):
You can get back out there.

9 (45m 16s):
Yeah. Like it's, it is part of the game.

0 (45m 19s):
How about pitch clock?

9 (45m 21s):
I, I love it. I really do. Okay.

0 (45m 22s):
Do you feel like you're forcing, you control the at bat as opposed to the batter? Is that why you love it? Or why, why exactly are you a fan of it?

9 (45m 28s):
So. I mean, it's weird that, that when you're, when there's nobody on the, the batter gets a timeout. And, we don't get a timeout. That, that's kind of the weird piece that I, I don't understand

0 (45m 38s):
You, you're saying, what are we doing here? How come a little bit

9 (45m 40s):
If we're

0 (45m 40s):
Making this fair one for one here? Yeah.

9 (45m 43s):
No,

0 (45m 44s):
You get called for a Bach. You try to do that.

9 (45m 46s):
Well, yeah. The, the clock just keeps going. That's bullshit.

0 (45m 48s):
It's weird. Why are they against the pitchers? You thought it was a pitchers game? Exactly.

9 (45m 51s):
No, no. I love it. And And it, that's, they use it in college. It's a little bit less, like, strictly enforced in college than, than it is here. but, you know, it gets the games moving quickly. And bottom line, I, I think part of it is you have to train for it. You know throughout the off season in bull in bullpens and everything like that, like it's part of the game. You, you, you, you know, you can

0 (46m 12s):
Do you feel like you're doing a little mental chess

9 (46m 14s):
For sure. And, and there are guys for sure that, that when you step in, like they, they don't like to be rushed or they don't like to, you know, wait, and, you know, those are the guys that you can rush or, or, you know, run out the pitch clock on. Even, even outta the windup. Like,

0 (46m 26s):
I kind of asked you about it earlier with the Randy Johnson question, but I also asked you like four questions in a row. 'cause my brain got so excited, which happens. And I do apologize. Are we, we're not scared to in intimidate some batters? Or is it just, it's me, the ball in the strike zone that we're doing here, little bit like, will you float one if somebody's crowding a little bit just to let 'em, you know, feel it a little bit like, Hey, this is that breeze. This is a hundred, this is 102 right now. I'm ask, this is what, this is what this could be for the next three pitches probably. Is there any of that in your game plan? And who, who decides that? Is that Catcher Co. Who's calling? How does that whole thing work?

9 (47m 0s):
Yeah, I mean, it's all of us and it's reading the game. It's nice to have a, a catcher that that knows the game. And really, they're the ones that know what's going on best out of anybody. But yeah, going up and in is, is never a bad thing. Really.

2 (47m 13s):
So, Hell yeah.

0 (47m 14s):
Tone has a question for you. Massive Pirates, man. Yeah,

2 (47m 17s):
Well we are, we, and by we, I mean, pirates fans are so excited for the future with you and then the other Hundo boy, Jared Jones, who's been incredible so far. But we, we, we can't wait anymore. Do you now, do you wanna break some news day? you know, when you're going up, do you have any say in, when you're going up? Is there a plan that You know and the team knows that you guys are not gonna tell anybody on when you're going up? You wanna break some news day or

9 (47m 39s):
No? I'll, I'll be honest guys. You You know just about as well as I do. Okay. When I'm going up So, I You

0 (47m 44s):
Know we know more than you do about this particular ownership. Yeah. you know, and it's, which, it's changing. Changing it. It's changing from what we've been told, which is good. And how could you not? The Hun Boys is a, I mean, let's go. And Randy told us about You know the analytics now guys don't really go complete games. He won a hundred complete games in the s or whatever. You know, sir. And he said that was a big part of it. Like, yeah, I'm throwing the whole thing. And they're talking about, well, analytics say whenever somebody you see a batter for the fourth time, they're gonna have a better opportunity to hit you. And he's like, who against me? Who though? Like, who are these analytics? Is there a change in mindset about how long you go into the game? Because the overall ideas, like, we need to last longer.

0 (48m 26s):
you know, like maybe we have a 15 year career as opposed to a seven year career. Is that the mindset of the modern day? Why there isn't as many complete games? Or what are your thoughts on it all?

9 (48m 35s):
Yeah, I haven't been here long enough

0 (48m 36s):
In, in the major pro ball.

9 (48m 37s):
I haven't been in pro ball long enough to really know that

0 (48m 40s):
At LSU how it work out. You played, you threw full games.

9 (48m 43s):
I threw one complete game there. Yeah. I mean, but it was, it was, you know, you talked about the a hundred pitch thing. Like, I went like three or four weeks in a row last year of like throwing 120 pitches. Damn. So I. Don't know. My body felt great while I was doing it and I, I, you know, still think that's something I can do. But it's, it's definitely different than it used to be. I, I didn't grow up watching Randy Johnson. Really? But How

0 (49m 9s):
Old are you?

9 (49m 10s):
21.

0 (49m 12s):
God. So young dude. Who'd you grow up watching pitcher wise?

9 (49m 15s):
So I was an Angels fan. So, Jared Weaver, John Lackey. I was like, dad

0 (49m 19s):
Lackey. Yeah. Have they reached out and been like, Hey man, watching you just throw 1 0 2, 1 0 1, 1 0 2 for three. Pitch strikeout is awesome. Has anybody reached out to you like any of your heroes? Said like, we've seen a clip of what you're doing, it's cool. Or is baseball a bunch of hate nasa? No,

9 (49m 35s):
No. It's, it's not The second one. I don't, I don't know about, I honestly don't know if they've reached out. I don't, I don't see a whole lot of that.

0 (49m 41s):
What do you do you isolate yourself? You do. You do?

9 (49m 43s):
Yeah. As much as I can.

0 (49m 45s):
No social media.

9 (49m 46s):
No social media.

0 (49m 48s):
So no social media flip. Do we have a smartphone? Yeah. Do we

9 (49m 51s):
Have I do. Yeah.

0 (49m 53s):
Okay. Yeah, we do we have any hobbies? What, what is the hobby?

9 (49m 57s):
Not really, it's kind of baseball. Just ball. Yeah. No, I mean, it is what it is.

0 (50m 2s):
What do you listen to music wise? Do you, do you do country all day?

9 (50m 5s):
Who pretty much, right now it's Charles Wesley Godwin and Shane Smith. It's

0 (50m 9s):
West Virginia guy. Wow. Yeah. Charles, let's go dude. So warming up. That's what you're listening to when you're working, that's what you're listening to. Everything

9 (50m 15s):
Depends. I mean, I like, I was listening to an audio book when I was warming up yesterday.

0 (50m 21s):
An audio.

9 (50m 21s):
It depends,

0 (50m 22s):
You know, the tickets went from eight buck average yesterday to like 30 buck average down at the stadium. 'cause you're pitching, you're a needle mover. Yeah. In aaa, dude. Damn right. People are paying more money to come watch you pitch here around Indianapolis. It was on the news. They had it on the local news. Like Paul Skees is pitching, like, don't know how many more of these we got. So if you wanna get out there and do it, it's been, you've been great for this city. I know you're headed to Pittsburgh, which is obviously where we're from. But it's like, you've been great here too. You need to know that. We appreciate that. Woo. See ya. Think about these AAA guys going Whoa. What is this?

3 (50m 50s):
This bolster I have to

0 (50m 52s):
Play. This is last night. Okay. How'd we do it last night? You feel pretty good about what we were

9 (50m 56s):
Doing? Yeah. It was solid. That one. That one's not getting called a strike without a BS Is this the

0 (51m 0s):
Backpack? What do you mean? What's that? What, what are you talking about? The,

9 (51m 3s):
Yeah, the automatic strike zone. Robot.

0 (51m 4s):
Robot. Do you hate it or not? 'cause we learned about this through Jet Pass and I think that some he reviewed Yeah, you, you tap your hand, you review things.

9 (51m 11s):
Yeah. So that, that's, that's the challenge system. That's like the second half of the week. They're, they're trying stuff out in AAA right now. So first three days of the week are, are the, the robot umpire. And then last three days of the week are a challenge. How big you are,

0 (51m 24s):
Dude. Yeah. Look at how big you are out there. An intimidating force. Nice quads on a kid too. Gotta have a good base. Obviously. Talk about the strength there. I know you're gonna say you haven't been in pro ball long enough and all that shit. 'cause you're super humble. I get it. No social media. What a wild thing. Yeah. Used to hear things they're saying a bunch. It's all good. Yeah. Sounds good. Now might be the time to get in social media. Yeah. And then get out later. But whenever you think about the automatic strike zone and the challenging and they're trying shit and AAA to take it to the majors. And I assume there might be some major league pitchers that are gonna be pissed that you're even giving an answer. 'cause they're like, why are they asking this guy? But you're the one experiencing it right now. Do you like what this happening with the strength zone and how it's being called? And I know you're not saying you should be the one deciding what happens at the majors, but is the future of baseball look good with this particular thing from a pitcher point of view?

9 (52m 9s):
Yeah. So I mean for me. I, I really never hope, I hope that the a BS never gets to the major leagues to be honest. I, I just don't like, because I was a catcher too. Like, and if you can receive pitches that's, you know, job security for catchers. So, 'cause I You know for, for the longest time I was hoping that I was gonna be a major leaguer behind the plate and So I think

0 (52m 30s):
I didn't even think about the lack of

3 (52m 31s):
Important mean either. That makes sense.

9 (52m 33s):
No, that, I mean, that's, that's a job back there too. And, and the umpire, I mean, you get rid of an umpire

0 (52m 38s):
Angel Hernandez. Yeah.

3 (52m 39s):
You get him out.

0 (52m 40s):
You can't say you've never seen him. You've never seen him. So you have obviously no opinion that is just strictly ours and the internet. That's a fascinating take. I don't think a lot of people are saying, go ahead Ty.

3 (52m 48s):
Yeah, definitely. You talked about growing, growing into your body and not throwing this hard. Like, so when you get to this point, and obviously like very evident that you're humble and you, you know, whatever. But I mean, we, in it, you're incredibly dominant. Like, so at this point are you like focusing on pitches, crafting, like developing new stuff? Like are you working on mechanics and stuff like that? And also like when you do just have after start, after start, after start striking out all these guys. Like is it a little bit tough, tough in your mind knowing like, hey, I should probably be in the bigs right now. I feel like I'm ready. but you know, I, you understand how it goes and you have to just continue to kind of go out there and and do the same thing

1 (53m 25s):
Over and over again.

9 (53m 26s):
Well, yeah. I mean, so, so the goal of of being here for everybody, not just myself, is to You know be a big leaguer. And so whatever it takes to get ready to get big league hitters out is what I'm trying to accomplish right now. So that, that, that change is kind of outing to outing You know, throwing more, changeups more off speed, like mixing it in even though maybe You know we don't need to just to just to be ready. Yeah,

1 (53m 50s):
Yeah. Happen in

9 (53m 51s):
Just to be ready to, to face big league hitters because I will need that. So it's kind of like walking the line a little bit of, of you know, what I need to accomplish to be ready whenever you know that that day comes. And also like, get these guys out right now. So.

0 (54m 7s):
So we got a knuckle ball coming in. Ooh.

9 (54m 10s):
Probably not, probably not rare.

0 (54m 12s):
No shot. Come on. Could you imagine 1 0 2 into a knuckle ball? Jeez. You get

1 (54m 17s):
That, that 58.

0 (54m 17s):
You get that John crook all star game situation. Buckle every single night. Connor's got a question for you Paul.

1 (54m 23s):
Yeah. So, you know, in indie, like have you been doing anything in Indianapolis or you're just like, Hey, this is a stop gap baby, I don't need to go around. I can go to the zoo if I want. Or you just kind of, like you've said, you kind of locked in, staying in the, at the house or condo or whatever you're doing. Yeah,

9 (54m 36s):
I mean, I try to sleep as much as I can. I I did not know that they had a zoo until you just said that. So,

1 (54m 42s):
Gee, it's right next to, right next the stadium. Sorry.

0 (54m 46s):
It's right next to Paul. You could see it from the mound with how tall you are. Pearl if you just accidentally look over, I think your guys', I only said zoo 'cause it's next to the stadium. You could see, you could probably see a chimpanzee donut. This thing in the sky over there. Look for one night they'll be up in the, literally right next to your It's sweet. I like how dialed in you are though. No,

9 (55m 5s):
I incredible. Yeah, no, I'll look for it. I'll look for it tonight. Alright,

1 (55m 8s):
Paul.

0 (55m 9s):
Enough?

9 (55m 10s):
No I don't. Yeah, no, I, I haven't done a whole lot here. Try gonna try to go to a pastry game at some point. Here you go. Yeah. I like Indy. I will say that I

0 (55m 19s):
Really do indie in Pittsburgh's similar like the humans

9 (55m 22s):
Love it. Yeah. Hey, I've spent a lot more time in Indy than I have in Pittsburgh.

0 (55m 24s):
Well, when you make your way to Pittsburgh, I think people are gonna be awesome. Pumped up to see you, Jack. And you should just start googling zabell firework shows.

9 (55m 34s):
Okay. I've never heard of that

0 (55m 36s):
Paul. You will, you'll see Rudy. We're gonna be a big part of after

1 (55m 39s):
The game. Rudy Subs.

0 (55m 40s):
Yeah. Yeah. Rudy Subs are great. But Zam belly fireworks come Pirates down there at PNC Park after a win. It's like a big deal. Okay. So the fireworks over the river with the city, it's like a, it's rage. You're gonna, you're gonna provide a lot of za belly fireworks shows right there, pal. You're gonna provide a lot of those to the city of Pittsburgh. And they are forever gonna be thankful for it. Sweet. 'cause when a yinzer sees a and belly firework go off in the sky, it is six to midnight now. Okay. You need to know that. Love it. Hey, we appreciate the hell of you, man. Thank you. This hat too Young bucks. I like that. I like that. I like the young bucks color. Kinda interesting. But I like the young bucks 'cause we got the Hundo boys. Young bucks is certainly better. Yeah. Especially, you know, let's see for the entire Great.

0 (56m 21s):
Good luck the rest of the way. And thank you for stopping by, man. Yeah, thank you. You don't have to, we, we got like 30 seconds to hard out. We can just walk off together.

9 (56m 27s):
Okay. It'll be cool. They

0 (56m 28s):
Probably told you just to walk off.

9 (56m 30s):
Is that what you said? No, they didn't, they didn't really tell me anything. Hey, I, I got you though. I can You wanna sign? Yes, please.

0 (56m 35s):
I got you. Yeah. Yeah. My man hat.

9 (56m 37s):
Yeah.

10 (56m 37s):
Hat. How

0 (56m 38s):
Much do you squat?

9 (56m 39s):
I actually don't squat. Do

0 (56m 40s):
You, you don't do any weights?

9 (56m 42s):
No, I do weights. I don't, I I split squat more than I how much I squatted Probably in like,

0 (56m 46s):
Split squats. Four. How much

10 (56m 47s):
Split squat?

9 (56m 49s):
I don't know. Probably 1600. Yeah.

10 (56m 57s):
The 2024 NFL draft hits to Detroit and it's time to see who gets the job. Caleb is a unique and special talent throwing the football. And what sets them apart? The Heisen trophy winner is Jaden Daniels. All of the greats were hired here all throw by the homes. See who gets the job. Are you river? The 2024 NFL draft begins Thursday, April 25th on ESPN A, B, C and NFL network. Sports.

0 (57m 30s):
I love it. I love sports. Me too. Sports are the greatest thing on earth. Sports bring people together. Sports create great human beings and great moments and great situations. Football is the sport obviously that we are most closely tied to, but baseball has been wonderful to us. Yes. All week hockey has been fantastic. As the playoffs kind of drop the puck and get started. Oh yeah. To be the best year ever. Now the penguins aren't involved, so that's probably gonna be impossible. But who knows if everything in front of us, it could be the greatest year of the NHL playoffs in history. The NFL though has a multiple time Super Bowl champion who has changed the course of pop culture forever. Hmm.

0 (58m 11s):
This morning. If you had a wife or a girlfriend that you happen to live in the same house as, or you know, I guess sheet crosses. Oh yeah. I was gonna say all demos. Yeah. I don't have that. I still got it. If you're a single guy living in a two bedroom apartment, bingo. If you just woke up this morning at all, you listen to a brand new Taylor Swift album and two albums. Yeah. Yeah. No big deal. Surprise. I'm touring the world, selling out every single stadium on Earth. I'm in the middle of the most public relationship that sports has had in a long, long time. Remember she was changing outcomes of NFL games and also writing two albums. Yep.

0 (58m 51s):
And absolute workhorse. But if you listen to those songs and listen to some of the narratives, football created the one, Travis, we're happy for you buddy. Love

10 (59m 1s):
You Trav.

0 (59m 4s):
That's so high school song. It had to be. So his boys get a shout out. Their activities they play, they probably play Grand Theft Auto online. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. She's been there. Boys get a full shout out there. I believe they're potentially have smoke CBD you know, with the way the, his dad gets a shout out. Yeah. The impression of his dad, which obviously we've met through the New Heights podcast and getting to see him kind of operate is amazing. It's like, that's a beautiful thing. And then you hear what's said about other dudes from other avenues. It's like, I'm thankful that Taylor Swift, who's met a football guy. Me too. Because I think what's coming in the next album is about to be the most I found it.

0 (59m 45s):
Yeah. Just bangers after bangers. Yeah. I hope so. And I am so happy that, because You know since the very beginning we said these two might be perfect for each other. Yeah. Like, actually might be perfect for each other. True. Taylor Swift is a workhorse beast. Genius. You name it. Boom. High level. Travis Kelsey, same thing. Yep. But at a position where he's not the most famous guy in the room. Nope. So being the guy who's with Taylor Swift is not a pro. Like, hey. Yeah. Some of these other guys, it feels like potentially they couldn't handle the shadow. you know, ain't taking a backseat. Yeah. Couldn't handle the shadow. They needed it, you know. Oh yeah, Travis. Like, I know we having a good, who cares? That's all Travis cares about.

0 (1h 0m 25s):
So I'm incredibly pumped for both of them. And literally since day one of this, I've, I've believed just from learning about Taylor Swift through Sam And, that documentary, and then knowing Travis, it's like, wait a minute, I'm the matchmaker. But this feels like all the issues they both have had in the past. Relationships kind of get cured here if they're together. Come simpatico, And. we got a chance to hear that And, that so high school song. Yeah. So pumped this morning for football. It's a beautiful time. the Toxic Table is here. And congrats to Taylor, by the way, obviously. Great album. And I believe her and Postie have the first ever female number one song before I Don't you, the rule you get I don't know the i the rule it's doing well.

0 (1h 1m 6s):
Yeah. She sells out every stadium she walks into. So she's number one in everything. If you, if you ask us. But congrats of both of them seemingly being in a deep, deep, deep, deep two greats in love that's good for society. the Toxic Table is here at Boston Connor and at Ty Schmid. One half of the Hammer Dad Cowboys Turn Diggs is here. And You know, sometimes, especially with this season around you have to bring in certain experts. Sure, sure. you know, you have to, you have to, you know, go to the people who know more than you do. So without further ado, ladies, ladies and gentlemen, Mad Mel Kiper.

0 (1h 1m 56s):
You look like an asshole. Mad Mel. Well,

11 (1h 1m 58s):
What the fuck is this? Whoa. Okay. He shitting me. You guys doing this to me? Making me look like an asshole? No, he's trying to cecily honor me. Okay. This is bullshit. No. All right. No, no, no. I don't want to hear it. Okay. We're

0 (1h 2m 10s):
Not, we're not in your room. We're not in your office. What?

11 (1h 2m 12s):
I don't, I didn't set this up. You okay? Hey, listen, I've been at this a long time, Pat. All right. You understand? I've been at it a long time. You think I'm gonna make myself look like an asshole on national tv? Okay. I wasn't. I wasn't born yesterday, pal. Hey, here we go. Look, I'll stand up. I'll be you. I'll move around. you know, do all this, you know, happy bullshit. Does that make you happy? Is that all right? Jesus? I mean, already

0 (1h 2m 32s):
I want you to be comfortable. I want you to be comfortable. I don't want this to how this to steal. Well, it

11 (1h 2m 36s):
Already, it already happened. I can see it right now. you know all the clips going. Hey, look at Kiper. What was this guy? Three 11? That it's bullshit. you know, biggest week of my life on the precipice, on the biggest week of my life. And you're making me look like an asshole. Intentionally. It wasn't me. All I do for you guys, all I do for you guys,

0 (1h 2m 51s):
It wasn't us. It wasn't us. No, it was you. You said it's your case. It be your people. You, well,

11 (1h 2m 56s):
If that's the case, then I'm gonna, you know, I gotta find a producer around here. I'm gonna fucking smack him in the mouth. 'cause that's unacceptable. Okay? Little goddamn respect.

0 (1h 3m 4s):
Seems like you're a little bit on edge. And obviously you did get embarrassed there to start this. You look tiny, didn't he look bad?

11 (1h 3m 9s):
Small bullshit. It's bullshit.

0 (1h 3m 12s):
All right. But

11 (1h 3m 12s):
Not tiny.

0 (1h 3m 14s):
Alright? You're, Hey, you're super tall. You're super tall.

11 (1h 3m 17s):
Thank you. I appreciate that

0 (1h 3m 18s):
Big boy. I don't want to keep pointing out things, but no tie today. Missing a button that, yep.

11 (1h 3m 24s):
Well, Pat, you know, it's casual Friday. All right. It's casual Friday. I've been busting my ass for weeks on in now. Actually, it may have lost my glasses. Not, not jacked up about that. Those are prescription glasses. I do need those outside of what I do here. And yeah, So I. I look like Harry Care with the glasses on. Okay. You know.

0 (1h 3m 44s):
Hey Mel, How, you doing? you

11 (1h 3m 46s):
Know, you look great. I look like an asshole. I understand, but it's casual Friday. Don't need a tie. I don't want to You know, kind of ruin anything. But let's just say Mad Mel's gonna be looking pretty dapper come Thursday.

0 (1h 3m 58s):
Okay. Alright. Well, that's all we'll say. We, we can't wait to see that And. we are less than a week away from the draft. What is the big news right now, you think? Mad Mel, where are you at right now in the whole process? Well,

11 (1h 4m 8s):
My process is pretty, pretty much done. I'd say the biggest news, Pat, I gotta give you guys flowers. The sperm whale, the, you know, the, the big old whale Bill Belichick is joining you guys' draft.

0 (1h 4m 19s):
That's right.

11 (1h 4m 20s):
Unbelievable.

0 (1h 4m 20s):
That's right. Unbelievable. You too, Matt. Mel, you'll be there as well, obviously.

11 (1h 4m 24s):
Well, well, absolutely. you know, so So, I'm excited. I, I know Bill mentioned on you guys' show the other day that at this point, you know, a lot of NFL teams, general managers don't exactly know what they're doing yet. All due respect, I completely disagree. Okay. The hay is in the barn. Hay is in the barn at this point. We are, you know, just six days out from the NF NFL Draft, every single one of these teams knows exactly what they're gonna do, know exactly what prospects they'd like to take in the first round. So, so, yeah. you know, I'm, I'm gonna try to be amicable with Coach Belichick. Obviously in the past I've had a thing or two that I've had to say about his draft process. Hey, maybe a reach here, maybe a reach there. you know, maybe I, I've, I've given out a couple C minus d plus draft grade.

11 (1h 5m 6s):
What? Yeah, well, you know, hey, it happens. Okay. I'm a professional, just like he's a professional. And I will try to be amicable as I can. But again, I just like to remind everybody I put out my draft board every single year. Okay? This was the 41st year in a row. I've been doing this draft. Suffice to say I'm the king of this shit. Okay? Everybody knows it. It's, it's, it's, no, you know, that's no secret. Okay? Bill's never had to put out his draft board before. So You know, maybe. I'm looking forward to kind of chopping, chopping it up with him. You know, talking and chop maybe giving him a, a pointer or two about how you do this media thing. Oh, in terms of presenting you draft forward to the

0 (1h 5m 41s):
Masses. Okay? That's very kind to you. 'cause you, you just called yourself the king of this shit, and he's the goat of this shit. So we got a king and a goat on the same set. Wow. Unreal. One self-proclaimed one's everybody else says, but nonetheless, potentially Fair. Connor's got a question for you, Matt, Mel. Matt,

1 (1h 5m 56s):
Mel. Looking good. Honestly, the new glasses, I know you're bummed they might work. Okay. Just so you know, looking at that draft board, a as you mentioned Jayden Daniels last night, some massive movement at the number two betting odds at ESPN bets, obviously yesterday plus two 40 for Drake May. And today he's minus 1 0 5. That is huge movement. Mel, what's going on there do you think?

11 (1h 6m 19s):
Well, I'm not sure. you know, I think teams get a little skittish the closer we get to the draft. Again, we're talking about a franchise quarterback, CEO of your team guy who's gonna lead you to the promised land. And I think one thing that these teams are really sick and tired of is you get an agent out here who, you know, bumping his gums, flapping him around. Everyone would just like this guy to shut the fuck up, okay? And let it be about the player. Understand he is maybe trying to do the best thing for Jade and Daniels, but at the end of the day, you know, he could be the, the guy who's, who's forcing Jade and Daniels kind of slide down a couple draft boards, not having these issues with Drake, may don't have some loud mouth jackass popping off saying, Hey, my guy should be going here. My guy should be going there. My guy wants this, my guy wants that. You're not getting that with Drake. May by all accounts, great guy, great teammate, great family.

11 (1h 7m 3s):
So that could be why you're seeing a little bit of line movement. Because Washington, you know, they, they may be getting cold feet.

0 (1h 7m 9s):
Well, I, Jayden Daniel's line moves big Drake Mays line moves big Whoa. What do they know is the question? Do they know more than mad Mel?

11 (1h 7m 19s):
Absolutely not. Absolutely not. but you know, hey, we're, we're no Connor respectfully shut your goddamn mouth. Okay? They do not know more than I do. Or six days before the draft. Okay? Everyone wants to play this game and that's fine. Okay, that's fine. But let's just say this, okay? Don't get embarrassed, all right? Because there are pros of the pros when it comes to this. I'm one of 'em, I know exactly what's going on. So what's going

0 (1h 7m 42s):
On with your Dallas Cowboys now? Is it melting because of how hot you have been this morning?

11 (1h 7m 47s):
I mean, it is hot as hell in here. That, that cowboy's helmet other way. My, my apologies That Cowboy's helmet is actually Roger Sta box. Okay. From Oh yeah. So it's, it's about 50, 60 years old, so, got it. It may, it might be time to maybe get one of the, you know, Revo Speed Revolution helmets. One of the new helmets. Got it. Maybe a new shot. We'll see. Yeah.

0 (1h 8m 5s):
People are saying it's fake. Yeah, Mel, people are saying it's fake. They're saying there's no way a actual helmet would ever melt like that.

1 (1h 8m 10s):
Yeah. All those helmets they're calling into question now. Yeah.

0 (1h 8m 13s):
And the photo and the penant, the whole thing. Everybody's starting to call the computer. Look at the computer. Is that the original Apple is one. Maggie I think is one of, yep.

11 (1h 8m 20s):
Yep. That's one of the old imax. When Steve Jobs named after Lisa. Actually it was Lisa, you know, named after his daughter, who he kind of treated like shit for about 30 years. And then at the very end, you know, he wasn like God's busy, oh, he wasn very busy. You know bad dad,

0 (1h 8m 33s):
Bad

11 (1h 8m 33s):
Bad dad, bad dad, terrible dad. But it, but it all came around. 'cause You know, if you remember, if you watch the movie at the very end, he said, Hey, I'm gonna put a thousand songs in your pocket. And she was, she was kind of the inspiration for that. So maybe he is not a bad dad.

0 (1h 8m 44s):
Oh,

11 (1h 8m 45s):
That's a good point.

0 (1h 8m 46s):
I don't know how many people are disputing. Hey, mad now you know more than us. He remember to start this conversation today. He knew more than Bill Yes. Belichick. Which yeah, he said, I know. About draft

11 (1h 8m 55s):
Boards. About draft

0 (1h 8m 57s):
Boards. No, 'cause Bill said that. Well, yeah, that, well, that's what we're talking about. One and the same. Yeah. That's the draft. That is the, that's what we're all talking about here. So I, appreciate that. You just know more than everybody. 41 years doing draft, though. I mean, that's what's gonna happen. Tone digs has a question for you, Mel.

2 (1h 9m 11s):
Yeah, Mr. Mad, one of the hot button teams in this draft is the New York Football Giants. I believe in your latest mock, you had them taking a wide receiver And that came out a little bit ago. Do you still have them taking a wide receiver at that position?

11 (1h 9m 25s):
Well, you know, this is one of those things that it, it's Daniel Jones has forced my hand here. Okay. He has forced my hand. What? I said last week, you know, or last time I was on with you guys, hey, New York football Giants, you know Brian Dayal, Josh Sha, and they understand that their asses are in the jackpot right now. They need to win and they need to win suit. Can't Daniel Jones be that guy? Well, that remains to be seen And. then we got the press conference. Okay, we got the press conference. Which one? you know? Yeah. you know which one. Oh, okay. Daniel Jones. His eyes bugging out of his head like a goddamn goofball. I mean,

0 (1h 10m 0s):
He's focused.

11 (1h 10m 1s):
Focused, you think? Okay. Sure. Yeah. We could call this guy focused. He looks like a complete jackass Whoa. Okay. And I understand it's not easy deal with the New York media. They've basically said for years now, Hey, this guy sucks. He turns the ball over all the time. Yeah. Every once in a while have an 80 yard run trip over his own feet. And then he'll end up, you know, kicking a field goal, not scoring a touchdown. But I mean, you just, that's, that's not an NFL quarterback, that's not a starting quarterback. That's not a guy who's gonna win you a Super Bowl. So at this point, You know, I would rather have, you know, the, I I'm, I'm thinking the Giants are mo I, I understand you guys had Peter Schwigger on yesterday. you know, he thinks that JJ McCarthy potentially could be going to the Giants. Any one of the guys in this draft pool is better than Daniel Jones.

11 (1h 10m 43s):
Okay. I don't care who it is. Whoa, you got that guy's

0 (1h 10m 45s):
Eye. That's a big statement. Huge.

11 (1h 10m 47s):
It's a big Well, okay. That, Hey, you know what? You wanna be a franchise quarterback? You don't do that kind of shit in a press conference. Okay? All right. You just don't eyes bugging outta your head. Oh. Oh, geez. I, I don't know what's going on here. Can't have it. Can't win with it. Won't win with it. So I. Think the Giants, you know that, I would guess John Morris saw that. And, and basically, Hey, boom, red alert. Okay, day ball, Shane, figure it out. Get a quarterback in here. If we have to trade up to two or three or wherever you gotta do it. 'cause we're not going in the next season with this guy and his goddamn eyes bursting out of, out of their socket.

0 (1h 11m 21s):
You can't do it. A lot of money, a lot of money going to Daniel Jones. So I think that adds into the conversation and obviously the judgment, because whenever you get paid a certain amount to carry a team, if you don't, you're gonna be judged by the likes of sports media, let alone somebody who's looking at a draft, staring down quarterbacks that he's been bopping to for at least three months now, four months in the entire process. Yeah. But Dan Jones, I mean, he, he won a playoff game in Minnesota. Man, that's pretty good. Do you recall Pretty good?

11 (1h 11m 45s):
You think I Oh, okay. you know what? Do we want to kiss this guy's ass? Throw him, throw him a birthday party for winning a playoff game? Well,

0 (1h 11m 51s):
A playoff party.

11 (1h 11m 52s):
Yeah. Maybe a playoff party. We try to win playoff games. We try to win Super Bowls. you know, you think John Mara's gonna go back and say, Hey, hey. Yeah. The hell outta the Vikings who under your overachieved all season, you know, congratulations. Geez. Hey, Connor, you remember what they did? The, the game after that? I don't recall actually. Yeah, I think it was like 38. Nothing at the end of the first quarter against the Eagles. And everyone was saying, oh geez, maybe we were wrong. Maybe Dan Jones is a piece of shit. Whoa.

0 (1h 12m 15s):
Hey,

11 (1h 12m 15s):
Whoa. I didn't say it. I didn't say it. Oh,

0 (1h 12m 17s):
You said we, we would imply I know the pronouns Well,

11 (1h 12m 20s):
Yeah, understand. I I I'm talking New York media. I'm talking NFL media. I'm talking about people who study the game. You guys especially, I, I don't have the tape, I don't remember exactly what you said, but I don't think anyone was coming in the day after that Philadelphia Eagles playoff game saying, Hey, Dan Jones, let's, let's sign this guy to an extension. Let's give him another $150 million. I don't remember anyone saying that. Pat. Well,

0 (1h 12m 40s):
It was overreaction Monday, I'd assume. And yeah, who knows what's said then obviously that is, that's part of the problem of our show and I guess the allure as well. And I know that this has not worked out well. Oh no. A couple different times now because Yep. you know what I'm doing.

11 (1h 12m 55s):
Yeah, sure do. Sure do. Go ahead. Hey, your show not mine. Go ahead.

0 (1h 12m 60s):
Ty Schmidt has a question for you.

11 (1h 13m 1s):
Mad Mel, listen, I know we've had our differences. Okay. But I do have a question that I'd love to, to get an answer from you on as we are, you know, right in front of the draft here. We had Peter Schrager on yesterday, and he wasn basically saying, Hey, listen, Cooper de Gene, although he has worked out unbelievably well, he seems to be healthy. A lot of teams, you know, said if he wasn healthy, then he's probably a top 15 pick. Sha said that he looks at him more as like a 22 to 32 type of guy, maybe even a second round pick, which I think that's a little ridiculous being an Iowa guy and, and having seen him play for quite a bit. What is your opinion on Cooper Deje?

11 (1h 13m 41s):
'cause I know you are, are somewhat high on him as well. Yeah. Listen, I'm gonna stop you there. Okay. I'm gonna stop you there. You're lucky that I'm even entertaining your question because as everyone knows, I think you are a big bag of mashed up asshole. Whoa Whoa. That's just the way, Hey, listen, come on. Not everybody gets along. Not everybody needs to be buddies and I can't stand you. But with that being said, I will entertain your question. Yeah. Listen, I respect Peter Schrager. A lot of people respect Peter Schrager. Everyone knows his mock drafts are, are second to, well, I shouldn't say second to none, usually second to mine in terms of being,

0 (1h 14m 16s):
I think Daniel Jeremiah was last year. Last year, and

11 (1h 14m 18s):
Then Yeah. D hey, DJ's a goat. We're not talking about, I'm just talking. This is Montey mano me and Schrager. Okay. Okay. Okay. DJ is obviously, DJ's a

0 (1h 14m 25s):
Goat. You're the king. Yeah.

11 (1h 14m 26s):
Bingo. Bingo. We can, we we're, we're all in the barn yard. Okay. We're all in the barn, mark. But I do, I'm the overseer. I do oversee the barn, the

0 (1h 14m 34s):
King, the kings on top of it. Yeah.

11 (1h 14m 35s):
E Exactly, exactly. If I need to You know guys like Pete Traeger, like I, you know, he, he can be the goat. I, I could slaughter him and You know, feed his meat to my family for a nice, a nice dinner that night. Okay. But again, I love Traeger. I love Pete Traeger. Everybody does. He is the king of New York You know I'm the king of this shit. He's the king of New York. We can all be kings of something. I do take umbridge an issue with all the slander that he wasn putting out Cooper Jean, who as everyone does one of my favorite prospects in this draft class, as of right now, I believe I have him slotted about number 17 of the Jacksonville Jaguars. What, what, what is there that has not been said that you can say again about this kid?

11 (1h 15m 16s):
He's explosive, unbelievable athlete. He's long, he's rangey great open field Tackler. Yeah. He is a white guy. Okay. Are we, are we gonna hold that against him?

0 (1h 15m 25s):
I think you have in the past haven't Jamel. Yep. We have And that been something

11 (1h 15m 28s):
With Cooper Deje, maybe other white guys. Sure. Yeah. you know, hey, this guy's not, this guy's not athletic enough. He can't get it done to the next level. You know, didn't show me enough, whether that be, you know, in big time college football, power five football or you know, smaller conference football. Cooper Deje showed everything he needed to show at the Power five level, one of the toughest defenses in the history of college football at University of Iowa. Make no mistake about it. Cooper Deje is the great white hope. Okay? He is actual, actual, well said. He is the prince who was promised. Okay. I believe again, Traeger, you know, hey, maybe this guy's gonna play safety. Maybe he pipe down, Pete. Okay. All right. This guy's not playing safety.

11 (1h 16m 8s):
He has all the requisite skills and talent, raininess, athleticism, burst hip movement. What in order to be an outside cornerback, okay, this guy does not need to move into the box. He doesn't need to play safety, he doesn't need to play nickel. Could he do all those things? Sure. Because I believe he's one of the best football players in this class. But at the same time, we're looking at a potential, you know, 20, 20 year pro at the quarterback position. Wow. I see, I don't know, 15 to 18 Pro Bowls, what? Maybe a couple defensive players of the year. Wow. Ultimately culminating with his bust being, you know, placed right in the center of Canton in the football Hall of fame. That's how I feel about Cooper. Jean, if you don't feel about that way as well, personally, I think you're a bit of a dipshit.

11 (1h 16m 52s):
You need to go back and look at the film a little bit more.

0 (1h 16m 54s):
Okay. We appreciate that. Mad Mel. Sounds like there's a little bias there coming that Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. That sound like there's a little bit of an extra, extra emotional Yeah,

11 (1h 17m 2s):
I mean, you can call bias. I mean, sorry, I watched the film. You're right. Okay. you know, yeah. Hey, the film's doing all the talking, you know, I'm just kinda regurgitating it, if you will.

0 (1h 17m 12s):
Speaking of the film, how happy are you that draft season is almost coming to an end? Or do you just get started for the next year? Or have you already started for the next year? What, what is the, the rollout of the next six days up to the draft and then after the draft, what is Mad, Mel, Kiper getting into? Yeah.

11 (1h 17m 25s):
So I'll take maybe day or

0 (1h 17m 28s):
Oh, no. Yeah, it,

11 (1h 17m 29s):
Listen, I've, I've had an issue with my sound guy for a couple years now.

1 (1h 17m 34s):
Oh no,

0 (1h 17m 35s):
I'm

11 (1h 17m 35s):
Already, I would've slept Well, I don't know if it's my sound guy or if it's that son of a bitch.

0 (1h 17m 40s):
Oh,

1 (1h 17m 41s):
Wow. No, it happened. He left his mic on the other week too. Yeah,

0 (1h 17m 45s):
We have kiss when he left. When

1 (1h 17m 47s):
He left.

0 (1h 17m 47s):
Yeah. We could still hear you. I don't know if you know that. If you watched it back, we could hear you when he stormed off camera. Sorry, not Stormed. Walked off calmly a couple weeks ago.

11 (1h 17m 57s):
Well, I'm just trying to, this fucking thing. Okay. Every goddamn time I come on here, I try to You know, pay you guys respect. Hey, give you a couple good answers. You know, be a good guy, be a good teammate, and then an asshole. My end. I'm done. I'm done. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck

1 (1h 18m 15s):
It. Oh no. Oh no.

11 (1h 18m 18s):
Every time, every fucking time. These guys guy's laughing over here making me look like an asshole. Biggest week of my life. Oh, hey, hey, Matt Bell. That's hilarious. Hey, let's mute his mic. Let's make sure his mic cuts out.

0 (1h 18m 36s):
I don't know, I

11 (1h 18m 37s):
Might, Troy,

0 (1h 18m 41s):
We can still hear you. Hello? A little bit.

11 (1h 18m 47s):
You can still hear me. Here's it. Can't squeeze What? I don't wanna shit in my, but I, I, I'm gonna put this shit up to my butt and fart in it.

1 (1h 18m 57s):
That's

11 (1h 18m 57s):
Show.

0 (1h 19m 3s):
Thank you. Bad mouth.

1 (1h 19m 5s):
Love you bad, man.

0 (1h 19m 6s):
I hope everything works out better for you. Bad mouth. We really

1 (1h 19m 8s):
Do see you next week.

0 (1h 19m 9s):
Oh my God. What an, what an incredible, oh, what an incredible thing. Genuinely. Yeah. I'm so happy that it's draft week. Worried

1 (1h 19m 20s):
About that sound guy though.

0 (1h 19m 21s):
What? Sound guy? Chair guy. Guy? How about the tie guy? Oh

1 (1h 19m 25s):
My God. Button. Yeah. The glasses guy. Yeah. Whoever's holding his glasses.

0 (1h 19m 30s):
Alright, let's dial. Hey, let's, let's, let's get serious. Yep. Okay. Let's dive in. Biggest

1 (1h 19m 36s):
Week of his life.

0 (1h 19m 37s):
It's biggest week of his life. But also we gotta we gotta we still gotta finish the show here. That's right. Yeah. Good luck. He walked off. Okay. Unprofessional. We won't do that. Never. But we are excited to see Mad Mel next Thursday alongside Bill Belichick, myself, AJ Hawk de Butch. Tone. Diggs will be on his own set Huh? At Boston, Connor. And it's a shame Ty has to go back to Iowa. Yeah. Yeah. He is got something going on with the family. Yeah. So he will not be able to make it, but it should be an absolute blast. And, we thank Mad Mel for his contributions ahead of time, because we do feel like Thursday night is probably gonna be his best night. He disagreed with Bill Belichick immediately upon coming on the show today. Jacque

1 (1h 20m 13s):
Couldn't believe that. Did not. If anything, I, I figured that would be the one person. He might just take a look. Maybe listen to, but I, I, I suppose not.

0 (1h 20m 21s):
That's just not a mad metal of thing. You know he's been to his 41 years too. We gotta pay respect to that. Now, back to the program, ladies and gentlemen. From Mad Mel to an Ohio president, ladies and gentlemen. College football national champion, right? Super Bowl champion. Ryder Cup winner. A man who's the all time leading tackler for the Green Bay Packers. His service never works whenever Mad Mel comes on, ladies and gentlemen. AJ Hawk. Hey

1 (1h 20m 50s):
Haw.

0 (1h 20m 52s):
What's all about,

13 (1h 20m 53s):
Man? I wish I could connect sometime with Mad Mel, but I'm not sure I want to even jump into that fire. I saw the exit right there. That was, that was a bit scary for people behind the scenes. You guys talked about it a little bit.

0 (1h 21m 2s):
Yeah. The people that set up that camera were very rude to him, and we all knew that that was a potential, you know, sure. When his mic starts going out. you know, I, I don't think any of us could have expected that. And And, it really did. I mean, it ruffled his feathers a little bit. It did it not happen

3 (1h 21m 19s):
A little bit? Well, we saw what happened at the draft last year too. you know, dealing with those kind of issues. So, I. I mean, I get guys a professional, you know, just wants the, the stuff to work. He comes on here and And, we can't get it right, but we'll get it right. We'll get it right. Come Thursday, I'm sure. Yeah. We'll be okay.

0 (1h 21m 32s):
We'll figure it out. AJ, it's great to see you on this. Feel good Friday, obviously NHL playoffs have been set. NB a's got a couple playing games still to happen. What's going on? I mean, the heat, they even got anybody. No,

1 (1h 21m 45s):
They're

0 (1h 21m 45s):
Screwed. And then the other game is

1 (1h 21m 48s):
Of course the pelicans versus Kings. Kings

0 (1h 21m 52s):
Sacramento

13 (1h 21m 53s):
Know Zion. I was Zion's Health Zion,

3 (1h 21m 55s):
Zion out,

13 (1h 21m 56s):
Hammy, hammy.

0 (1h 21m 57s):
I was talking to, I was talking to Sam the other night and I'm like, that Zion, that was everything. Zion. That was it right there. And then what happened was the entire thing happened as he's taking over a game. Winning a playoff game. A playin game. Yes. The most important game against LeBron games. LeBron James. That's who Zion is. Take Zion, LeBron playoff. He goes for 40 takes over the game, just takes it over whenever it mattered. And then he is hurt. And it's like he's gone. Now we don't see him. It's like that's kind of been the whole, that's kind of been the whole thing sucks. Which is a bummer. Like I'm bummed, I'm bummed out for Zion and his entire family and team and obviously everything.

13 (1h 22m 35s):
Yeah. I was watching that game live when I saw he took that one to end the first half. Yes. When there was like 2.8 seconds or something. And I'm thinking all he better pass. He's gonna, he's gonna pass this thing up. Oh, he is gonna stop and shoot from half court. Oh no. He's just gonna go all the way and make an unbelievable shot heading into halftime. How about

0 (1h 22m 49s):
In the fourth quarter whenever he wasn taking on the run he had like looping.

1 (1h 22m 54s):
Yeah.

13 (1h 22m 55s):
His accuracy. How do you, how do you stop that? I don't know how you stop it.

0 (1h 22m 58s):
And then he's able to You know he did a oop that was just like, it's, he's it's it was everything we thought it could be. Yeah.

1 (1h 23m 4s):
Bing. It was exactly what we were

0 (1h 23m 5s):
Expecting. It was everything we thought it could be. Like Weby, we're watching these highlights. It's like, okay, WEBY is everything that we thought it could be. Yeah. Zion, same exact thing there for a matter of three and three quarters. Quarters. Yeah. In the biggest game in all year. He dialed in. Remember? So I'm bummed out about, I'm bummed Ed. Bummed

1 (1h 23m 23s):
Out.

0 (1h 23m 24s):
Bummed dot I'm bummed out. The NFL though is still cooking. We're just six days away from the draft. and that normally means that GMs around the NFL have to talk to the, to the media. This is one of the mandatory mandatory times. You got the combine, then you got after the season, then you got draft time. Obviously we need to, we need to hear you chat down there in Jacksonville, man who is, you know, potentially getting run out of town by his own fan base. They showed up dressed as clowns 'cause they thought the way he and the Kahn family was running the team was clown. Like. Now they got Doug Peterson, Trevor Lawrence. Things are turning around. He's doing press conferences. He's more comfortable than any other GM in the history of GM press conferences.

14 (1h 23m 58s):
Still got a couple of days going through coaching. I haven't sat down and go, excuse me, going through the final board yet.

1 (1h 24m 6s):
Excuse me. Excuse me. That's awesome. Wow. So clean, so polite. So polite. What an adult.

0 (1h 24m 13s):
Let's run that way. Yeah, let's run that back. That was mid-sentence and at least he addressed it. Unlike that You know. Yeah, yeah.

1 (1h 24m 18s):
Dan. Exactly. He owned it. He pretty much owned it.

14 (1h 24m 21s):
Still got a couple of days of going through Coach and I haven't sat down and go, excuse me, gone through the final board yet.

0 (1h 24m 29s):
I was a deep one.

1 (1h 24m 30s):
The pause. Yeah, that one went don out. Yes. Acid reflux as it was happening. That one

0 (1h 24m 34s):
Don and out then, excuse

1 (1h 24m 36s):
Me. Yeah. What if someone would've raised your hand? Excuse me, was that a fart or was that like a burp kind of thing? What was

0 (1h 24m 40s):
That? Was that something like you went to swallow, was it dry swallow deep down inside there? It kind of made a a sound? Or was that, was that your asshole that you just excused in the middle of your presser? That would've been fantastic if somebody asked about it. And what if this just becomes this thing? you know what I'm sick of? I'm sick of hiding who I really am. Yeah, yeah. I rip my face far all

1 (1h 24m 58s):
Over. I'm a fart. Every microphone.

0 (1h 25m 1s):
It's who I am. We got that guy down in New Orleans who has no idea that he's allowed to, you know, Nick not smack his gum. Ugh. While he's talking into a micro.

1 (1h 25m 12s):
All right. That's day one.

0 (1h 25m 16s):
I I hate the Saints because of that. Yeah,

1 (1h 25m 19s):
Absolutely. Same. No doubt about it. I hate, absolutely hate 'em. It's Tom Mickey.

0 (1h 25m 23s):
I mean I just had to watch the Saints win a Super Bowl against the Indianapolis Colts. True. Yeah. Team that I knew pretty well on NFL Network. That's awesome. Watching those games. It was cool to see. It's so fun. I forgot we had the lead going in the fourth quarter, so maybe that's why I'm a little resentful towards the New Orleans Saints. But no, I actually like the Saints. I like their fan base. I like the city, I like the colors. I like the Florida de Lee. I like everything about the Saints. And then I hear Mickey Lo was talking on a microphone. I go, okay, yep. Hate this team. Can't have that if they let this guy do this for how long And nobody told him. That's an accountability issue going on for sure. There there's some, there's some deeper stuff happening there aj. If you know what I'm talking about. Now let's go to another team in the NFL that is certainly ruffled some feathers with an agent.

0 (1h 26m 4s):
Ooh. Oh no. Ruffled feathers with an agent. The Washington Commander's new ownership, new leadership, new way of doing top 30 visits. Even though Bill Belichick said he had done them by 12, they had 20 draft prospects in it one time. And there was a time earlier this week where Adam Schefter was telling the trap or dive podcast that they can go ahead and get their Jayden Daniels jerseys. Now this morning on getup after the 20 person visit, which is normally just one-on-one, even though Bill Belichick said he's done 'em by 12 before normally just one-on-one, especially at number two, overall pick future of the franchise. This is what Adam Schefter had to relay from the Jayden Daniels team

15 (1h 26m 45s):
Seemed to go over too well with the agent for Jaden Daniels, Ron Butler, who sounded off on social media last night that he didn't seem particularly pleased with the process. I think Jayden Daniels thought it would be a visit with just him meeting with the commanders. Many people think that Jayn Daniels will wind up being the number two overall pick. But the commanders essentially opened up the process.

0 (1h 27m 8s):
So who? His agent's not happy. Oh, okay. And then does this mean Jayn Daniels? Is that why Drake may becomes the, all of a sudden his odds move for the number two because Ron Butler, the agent is not happy with the way Adam Peters and the new ownership over in Washington decided to do the 30 visits before the draft. aj, what are your thoughts on all the controversy potentially brewing in Washington? Or is this all bullshit?

13 (1h 27m 35s):
Well, what is Mr. Butler saying is, is he trying to say if they draft him, we're not gonna go there? Is that what he's trying to do? Because the team doesn't care if his agent is is happy or not. The team will take whoever they wanna take. Oh

0 (1h 27m 46s):
My, that's true. Could you fathom us on draft night in the draft Spectacular with Bill Belichick there, And. we have a Eli Manning situation. Oh yes. Hey John Elway's situation. Hey no, we're not going. Not for the number one pick. It wasn't the top pick of the draft. No, no, no. Number two, overall pick. I'm not going, I'm like Washington, they took us to top golf. No you, I don't want to go to top golf. I wanted to go to laser tag. Dam it. It wasn't because it was Topgolf. Topgolf is a fantastic, we know that for sure. Topgolf, you know. Oh, you think he wasn upset? 'cause he wasn a top. He wanted, maybe

13 (1h 28m 23s):
He doesn't golf. Maybe he felt like they were putting him in a weird situation. 'cause he is never golfed before.

0 (1h 28m 26s):
Well then they'd be trying to evaluate somebody, trying to figure something out. Which is potentially a useful thing to have happen in the NFL. If you're gonna be a program quarterback, that's the spin that the commanders would give it. But what if he wasn watching Drake May was just bombing balls. Yeah. Could've been. He's like this guy. He's, he's the cock of the walk. Everybody. You put one off the back net. Yeah. Let alone you clear one. Remember Josh Allen? Oh yeah. Josh Allen came down to a top golf down in Atlanta whenever we were doing a shoot down there with the zone at the top golf. He came down and put a ball out of the, he put it outta the park And. it was like, holy shit. I couldn't even imagine If you're Adam Peters, oh, in a brand new Washington Commander's ownership and everybody's at Topgolf and maybe the new owners just sit right at one of the bases.

0 (1h 29m 7s):
Welcome.

1 (1h 29m 8s):
Go on.

0 (1h 29m 8s):
Need to see driver nine and seven. Okay. Need to see it. Let's see how this whole thing goes. Then you can go hopefully mingle with the boys, get along with 'em. 'cause we will be judging you on whether or not the boys like you over here, if you're weird standoffish, kind of arrogant, we're gonna find out. So make sure you mingle well. But right now we need to see that driver. Go ahead. Drake may just put two out. Yep. Just so you know that. Yep. Jayden Tops Two. And I hate

1 (1h 29m 31s):
All snaps a club. If this

0 (1h 29m 32s):
Was bowling, I would've just killed everybody. What are we even, what are we even talking about here? I, I do wonder if that's the case or if it's because they feel like he maybe got disrespected and not having the, you know, the full 'cause CJ Stroud, we were told with the Houston Texans number two overall picked last year. He came in and he talked to the entire front office. He talked to the entire building. you know, they were really, so maybe Ron Butler's like, this team isn't serious. This team isn't actually trying to, you know, set this up in the right way. But maybe the commanders have a lot more questions than people are giving them credit for. Maybe they are trying to do some new stuff and figure it out. But I don't like, whenever an agent is the story going into a draft, they're already trying to find enough shit on all these guys.

0 (1h 30m 13s):
Yeah. So they can drop 'em down the draft. Don't need the suit. Who's supposed to be making the money ruining everything. But this might be a plan to get him out of there and get him to a place he wants to be. So I. Guess we have to withhold judgment at least for a little bit.

1 (1h 30m 26s):
Yeah. An agent should like shut up, especially around like rookies when coming into the NFL. But am I, did he, did he say something that I missed? Or is it just that emoji tweet And? that is all that. I think that's,

0 (1h 30m 37s):
I hope it's just emoji

1 (1h 30m 38s):
Because if, if that's it though. Is, is he, is that that much that he can rattle? It can rattle this to this. Think, think

0 (1h 30m 44s):
About Shefter Shefter reports it then

13 (1h 30m 45s):
Bango found it off. Shey said he sounded off. That's

1 (1h 30m 48s):
What I mean. And all he did was tweet the, so

0 (1h 30m 50s):
Shey shey reporting that though means, what do we think? It, it was more than just that.

1 (1h 30m 54s):
That he must have said something behind the scenes to the comm. Yeah. Mean And.

0 (1h 30m 56s):
That was an opportunity we saw publicly. This Right. And that was like justifying

13 (1h 31m 1s):
Or he said something behind the scenes. The chef. You, I mean, we know agents give insiders tons. That's their contact

0 (1h 31m 6s):
All the time.

13 (1h 31m 7s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 31m 8s):
That iss part of the game,

13 (1h 31m 9s):
I thinks just how it goes.

0 (1h 31m 11s):
Bill Belichick actually said that right? The other day. Yeah. He said, I have never, and I don't know anybody that's ever told an agent where they're gonna draft.

13 (1h 31m 19s):
Yep.

0 (1h 31m 19s):
The guy at. So whenever these agents are like, yeah, 10 that's top 10, 20 top 10 you got. And bump that up, he said, bump that up around for whatever they say. And also, yeah, we should generally, should we just call Adam Schefter? Let's do that. Let's call Sheft. Yeah. Let's get to the bottom of this. Okay. Yeah,

1 (1h 31m 36s):
Let's do

0 (1h 31m 37s):
It. Let's do some Journalizing. Yeah. Might as well. We had Mad Milk hyper on earlier breaking down, you know, his thoughts on

1 (1h 31m 41s):
And all. Well, and Sheft, unfortunately for him, he probably owes the City of Washington $250,000 for the amount of Jayden Daniels jerseys that have already been printed.

0 (1h 31m 49s):
Oh boy. Yeah. Well, somebody's gotta put his feet to the fire about that too.

1 (1h 31m 52s):
I mean, I'm thinking about doing it. 'cause I myself, as sitting at number three with a potential quarterback on the way. Maybe I did something

0 (1h 31m 59s):
Along those lines. You bought a jersey. I, I might have. And now all of a sudden, Hey, think about the ripple effect. Sheft. Yeah. How about that? You're not just screwing over one city, new England, which is a region. It's, it's a revolution region. It's not just a state. We're talking about multiple states here that you're fucking over here. What's that about? Fucking ladies and gentlemen joining. Oh shit.

16 (1h 32m 19s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 32m 19s):
I completely forgot. Wow. Yeah. A little comfortable. Ladies, gentlemen, join us now is senior NFL Insider. My first one for two for the Es for ESPN. A a man potentially swinging sports books. Odds. Yeah. For draft picks as the days roll on six days out. Ladies gentlemen. Adam Schefter. Cheff d Shef D.

15 (1h 32m 42s):
Yeah. Are you, are you calling me a swinger? Pat? Are you calling me a swinger?

0 (1h 32m 46s):
I don't know. Not, I dunno what you're up to. I don't, I don't know what you guys got going on. You do your thing. Hey, swing dancing. Maybe, you know, you do look like you're potentially very agile on the dance floor swinger with what goes on in your relationship. I don't know. Swinging draft odds. Certainly doing that though. Certainly doing that. So let's talk about this.

15 (1h 33m 4s):
Why, what, what, what has swung the odds? I'm just curious.

0 (1h 33m 6s):
We don't know if it's you, but we do know that the odds have changed a little bit at the number two overall pick. Now this comes from after you tell the trap or dive podcast, you guys could buy your Jaden Daniels jerseys. But hold

15 (1h 33m 19s):
On, hold on, hold on. Can I, can I, can I correct something that's, that's completely taken outta context. Okay. That

0 (1h 33m 25s):
Comment. Okay. Mr. Journalism

15 (1h 33m 27s):
Completely taken outta context. Okay. Okay. Lemme lemme say I was on that podcast for, I don't know, 20 minutes, a half hour. And I couldn't have been more clear saying over and over that the signs point to Jayden Daniels at two, it's tracking towards Jayden Daniels, but there's no decision at the end, at the end of the whole podcast as they're getting off. So we're gonna see Jane Daniels. I'm like, yeah, go buy your Jaden Daniels jersey. Okay. And now that's a report. Yeah. Like, and I told people to buy their jade. Like, that's not what I reported. I reported it's tracking towards Jaden Daniels, which it has been. Okay. The signs point to Jaden Daniels, which they do. Okay. And the commanders are going through it after this week when, again, I think it's a situation where from the outset Jayden Daniels had, is had an interest in being other places.

15 (1h 34m 19s):
Oh, he just has, that's now the, the interest is, okay, what do the commanders do about that? Do they, like, there have been plenty of players who have wanted to play elsewhere and the teams don't care and they just do what they do. Or if there's a team that wants him, IEA team that used to essentially have a coach that worked him in college, like they, then they have to trade for him. So what, what do they want to do?

0 (1h 34m 42s):
Okay, so hold on though. So we would like to say we apologize for amplifying Sure. The one throwaway comment at the end, but you need to know as Adam Schefter, you say something like that, it is gonna swing some thoughts. Hundreds of thousands of dollars of jerseys are bought. And also in New England, how about that? There's a bunch of jerseys bucket like, well, Jayden's going too. That means Drake's going three. This whole thing's got figured out. But that's the power you have. Well,

15 (1h 35m 6s):
I, I st I still think, I still think that Jaden Daniels is the favorite to go number two. I still think that. Okay.

0 (1h 35m 12s):
What about the, okay, about the agent. Is the agent just working to try to get him outta that pick? Or what do you think's

15 (1h 35m 18s):
Happening there? No, we, we saw the agent tweeted the other night, essentially, that he tweeted all these emoji signs. And, and I, I think what happened there, let's be honest, is that Jaden Daniels was not particularly enthralled to be included in a speed dating group of quarterbacks. I think that he thought it would be basically by himself. He thought he would be going in there. And then shortly before the visit found out that Michael Pennix Jr's going in. Drake Mays going in. JJ McCarthy's going in. And so the dynamics change, again, I point to the bears. The bears brought in one quarterback, Caleb Williams, one guy, they didn't bring in four guys.

15 (1h 35m 58s):
They didn't bring in four guys at once. They brought in one quarterback, they sent a message. This is our guy. The commanders get to do whatever they wanna do. It's their team. Yeah. Yeah. Who cares.

0 (1h 36m 7s):
Yeah. That's kind's, that's kind of the angle that I think a lot of us, you know, as soon as we saw the tweet that you saw, we were like, oh, shut up, dude. Like, but

15 (1h 36m 16s):
By the way, go ahead. The commanders had the second pick. They don't have the first pick. So now we all expect that Caleb Williams is going one, but he still hasn't. So you have to act as if anything could still happen. They, the commanders are in a great position of power, but it's not number one, it's number two And. we, again, all expect Caleb. And so, oh, Jayden,

0 (1h 36m 36s):
What if it's a compliment? Jayden, what if they think you're going number one actually, oh, to Chicago and they're thinking maybe we're gonna have to take one of these other quarterbacks. We'll have him in here with Now you just, you think everybody, everybody's on the same page. It's Caleb, but Washington, if they wanted to spin this to the agent and be like, oh, relax, this is a compliment to Jaden. We actually think there's a chance. He goes, number one, we're not, we're either gonna bring in Caleb who we already, like he's from here, we know him. Everybody will love him. Or we're gonna bring in one of these other guys. So we had to bring him in, had to see how it was. Is that what they're saying? Or are they saying, this is how we're gonna do things and this is our draft process. Sorry, you don't like it because Bill Belichick said he's brought in 12 guys at one time before Adam Peters worked for Belichick back in like 2003, I think.

0 (1h 37m 21s):
So it's not like abnormal, I guess. But I never heard of it before this particular situation. How do you think both sides are? Like how are the commanders describing it and is Ron Butler just trying to work his guy out of a team?

15 (1h 37m 32s):
Well, I, I, I think that the Giants, again, just as an example, many teams bring in many players at a group. On one day the Giants had an all three elite wide receivers. Marvin Harrison, Jr. Romo Dunay, and Malik Nabors all on the same day. They had quarterbacks all on the same day. Like, teams do that. Everybody's got a different approach. You could decide what you believe is the right one or the wrong one. I, I think in this particular case, by the sense of Ron Butler's emojis, I don't think that Jayden was particularly pleased with the way that that was handled. Okay. Again, that

0 (1h 38m 8s):
Thinks golf. That's what we're thinking. We're thinking there's a chance he stinks at golf. You know, we're thinking there's he to a couple, drank

15 (1h 38m 14s):
A couple. No, no one wants to be exposed for being a poor driver at top Golf. you know, when you're on a visit like that.

3 (1h 38m 20s):
Yeah. No way.

15 (1h 38m 21s):
That's

0 (1h 38m 21s):
Embarrassing. You don't want that. I agree.

15 (1h 38m 23s):
It's

0 (1h 38m 23s):
Embarrassing. But Jayden's an athlete. We assume he will have that figured out. Yeah. Yeah. We assume. Jayden, come on. We

1 (1h 38m 28s):
Watched him play last year. He is a stud.

0 (1h 38m 29s):
Alright. Hey, we appreciate the hell outta you for taking his call in the middle of the airport. Thank you for clarifying some things.

15 (1h 38m 34s):
No, I, well I'm, I'm glad to clarify those things again. Let's be very clear. Caleb's gonna go number one. I still think Jayden will go number two, but, but there are, there's maneuvering going on and we're not done with the maneuvering. I still think he's the favorite to go number two. Okay. I I the jersey part. Let's listen to the full podcast and then we'll see where the rest of the picks go. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be a fascinating week. And I will also say, you know, I love Mel Kuer. Mel's like, this is the most fascinating draft that I've ever seen. And I think No said that about 37 of the previous 40 drafts in

0 (1h 39m 12s):
Coming. Well, he loves it. He's jacked up. We know.

15 (1h 39m 14s):
That's why we appreciate we all are, we

0 (1h 39m 16s):
All are. You're the best ladies and gentlemen. Adam Schefter. Thank you buddy. Travel safely, chef. Hey, travel safely. Travel safely.

3 (1h 39m 22s):
So they're trading out.

13 (1h 39m 24s):
Hmm. But he actually, he is he saying the Raiders gonna try to come get

3 (1h 39m 27s):
Him? Daniels is going too, but he's not going to Washington. That's what it sounds like.

0 (1h 39m 31s):
But also, I mean if we just wanna go down that vein, which everything's fodder right now. He said Jay, Jay Daniel's still favored to go there. Whatever the case is. They're looking at all those other quarterbacks. 'cause they might be back in the

1 (1h 39m 40s):
Exactly. Yeah, they might, they might do the Cardinals like what the Cardinals did last year where they eight trade out and then they trade back up 'cause they traded the number three so the Texas could take Anderson and then, then they traded back up to take Paris Johnson to tackle

0 (1h 39m 52s):
Whoa. 'cause you, you're probably gonna, you're gonna get a lot to get up to number two. Oh yeah.

3 (1h 39m 55s):
Especially if it's a team like that. Who's, who's in the teens.

0 (1h 39m 59s):
You can bundle.

1 (1h 39m 60s):
Yeah. Like the Vikings 11 and 23 now probably. Is that a better offer than 13? Absolutely. Unless they add in one of their corners. Like if Devonte Adams is in the trade for the Raiders, that is huge. That

0 (1h 40m 10s):
Would be a gangster first draft for Adam Peters. Yes.

1 (1h 40m 13s):
Oh, it

0 (1h 40m 14s):
Would trading out at two.

1 (1h 40m 16s):
Get a bunch of firsts.

0 (1h 40m 17s):
Get your quarterback that you potentially have sold yourself on first

13 (1h 40m 21s):
Next year too. Won't you ever to get a first next year too?

0 (1h 40m 23s):
Oh yeah, definitely. That would be a couple gangster. That would be a first draft. Like Hall of Fame situation. You know Get out two, get outta the number two overall pick Garner picks for the future and for the current draft that we're definitely gonna need. While also getting the quarterback that you have sold your entire building on that you want. 'cause they're talking about Pennix Bo Nicks, who knows what's gonna happen with jj. Like what if, yeah, what if they're like, ah, we, we, we okay with one of these guys. There's pennix to go in the first round is minus one 30. Right? Isn't that what it is? It's a, it's not like a Oh geez

1 (1h 40m 57s):
Hammer

0 (1h 40m 57s):
That that's, that's a first round thing. So like what if Pennix is potentially the one that everybody you know is Yeah,

13 (1h 41m 3s):
Something's gonna happen. Right? Some there's gonna be, someone's gonna take one of those handful of guys before to you. Like we thought they might go and that's gonna throw everything off. Hopefully. I mean that's why as Mel says, this is gonna be an interesting draft.

0 (1h 41m 14s):
Well for 37 years you've been saying, but this time he means he, he got a little extra pumpkin pie this time. But the maneuvering going on behind the scenes, it's like, what's that Shey And if

13 (1h 41m 24s):
Yeah, if Washington, I So, I didn't hear Shey said it's been, I don't know, rumored that Jayden might not wanna play in Washington. I don't know. Is that something I, I haven't heard

0 (1h 41m 33s):
Raiders allegedly. Antonio Pierce was with him in Arizona State. Obviously the Raiders need a quarterback. This would be a hell of a time for them. He wants to go play for them. he

1 (1h 41m 41s):
Wasn on that IG Live where, I forget, I think it was Malik Neighbors actually who said like, yeah, I, I can tell people where you're going, going to, you know, reunite with one of your good friends. And then from that everyone was like, oh he is talking about Antonio Pierce. Of course, because they're good buddies from Arizona State.

0 (1h 41m 55s):
Isn't that wild to think that there is probably like if this deal happens, it would had to have come together over a long period of time. 'cause there's gonna be a lot of shit. Yeah. Yeah. This isn't a five minute negotiation. No. Here for the number two overall pick for a franchise with a brand new owner, brand new gm, brand new era, the first thing they do is like, we need a quarterback. Right? Yep. Alright, we're getting outta this number two overall position. And we're going back because we know exactly what this team and who this team wants. So if it's not him, okay, we are okay with any of these three guys that we brought in. And if they're available at 7, 8, 9, if we're able to get there, what a wild night.

0 (1h 42m 38s):
It could be on Thursday. The draft spectacular is about to be electric, I believe from seven 30 with the draft spectacular kickoff all the way through. We have a chance for real fireworks in this thing. Oh yeah.

1 (1h 42m 49s):
Huge. And the other thing with the Raiders, and you guys can probably speak more on this, but like first year gm, so Teleco, all those guys on the roster minus the guys that they picked up in the off season. Like they're not his guys. Technically And, we talk about that a lot where GM wants to put their own stamp on the team and trading Devonte Adams isn't like a, a move that Teleco said he would make. He actually said he's a Raider. He's going to be a Raider. But isn't that kind of part of it too, like if they do have to give up a big piece aside from a Crosby or Devonte, like would he be more willing to do that than say the Vikings and you know, quasi because of the fact that he's still, he's got some of his guys in there already.

0 (1h 43m 25s):
I don't know. I wonder with the Al Davis and the Raider way thing that they're been pushing, you know. Yeah. Who, if you trade out some guys that are Raiders that sends a message too. Yeah. Yeah. That we're not doing the For sure they

2 (1h 43m 37s):
Could just do bubs bla for number two overall. Like I

0 (1h 43m 40s):
Think that get, oh you got the deal done.

13 (1h 43m 42s):
They're talking about it. I

1 (1h 43m 43s):
Thought Bub Spillane that that, I mean Washington,

4 (1h 43m 45s):
They might have to throw him more.

1 (1h 43m 46s):
I was gonna say, yeah, for Terry and

0 (1h 43m 48s):
Terry mcc

4 (1h 43m 49s):
Caleb Williams gotta be grinning like the butcher's dog right now. How come everyone talks shit on him, said he wasn gonna do this. That's true, right?

1 (1h 43m 57s):
For how long?

0 (1h 43m 58s):
You're right. But he Jayden's not really doing, yeah. Imagine if they're not able to get a deal done and then draft night comes and Eli John's situation pops off.

1 (1h 44m 6s):
Yeah. Do they just tell Drake may come if they're worried about that or they're like, all right, let's just not deal with this. Like let's just take Drake.

0 (1h 44m 12s):
So the number two overall pick odds moving. Remember number two, overall pick doesn't mean commanders, right? No. Although the commanders said they're comfortable. Didn't they say they did yesterday?

1 (1h 44m 21s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 44m 22s):
They're literally comfortable with,

1 (1h 44m 23s):
They don't, they don't see a lot of

3 (1h 44m 24s):
Scenario scenarios

1 (1h 44m 25s):
Yeah. Where they're trading out. But

0 (1h 44m 26s):
Everybody's lying.

1 (1h 44m 27s):
They all be built. Bullshit. Yeah. And then it, it feels like it's changed that that came out like in the morning. It feels like obviously it's changed since then.

0 (1h 44m 33s):
Well that's just strictly because we know Schefter knows people everywhere. Yeah. And like it's gotta

13 (1h 44m 37s):
Make it easier for the commanders, doesn't it? To try to move out or move off of Jayden if they do get a sense that he doesn't really want to be there too. Well

0 (1h 44m 46s):
There's been a lot, I mean no offense to Jayden Daniels, I don't want him to take any, I hope he plays very well. But the NFL has been very good without you. And the NFL will be very good whenever you're done in the NFL. And that's always my big thing about like these guys who've not done shit in the NFL acting as if they're gonna hold the NFL hostage. It's like, no you're not. If like you just were not to play next year. If somebody's dr, nobody would care. They, the ratings would be just as good. The NFL would be just as healthy. It would be akay. Now if there is an actual business move to be made, let alone the whole this thing and the agent doing it and the Raiders come up and get 'em, it's like now the expectations are what, you know, they are for Jaden Daniels new ownership or Raiders new gm, new era.

0 (1h 45m 38s):
And also we gave away three first round picks for this, for the, we're leveraging the future for this guy we saw with Trey Lance. you know, that's how he wasn kind of talked about the entire time is what was giving up to go get him. It'll be the same exact thing for Jayden here, regardless of how it goes.

3 (1h 45m 52s):
Well, and also you look at Washington could be like the flip side. Like, hey remember the last time we were in this position, And, we leveraged the future to go get a quarterback. And. it didn't work. Like maybe we try the other option. But I feel like people also with this situation, they always like, the caveat is like, well, Eli did it. It's like, well Eli is from the NFL's royal family. Like it's a little bit different when your brother is the best quarterback in the NFL and people are just like, yeah, this guy, this guy's gonna be a hall of famer. you know, his dad was the first overall pick. So was his brother. Like, there's a little bit more,

0 (1h 46m 22s):
It sucks, but it's reality. Exactly.

3 (1h 46m 23s):
It's just the way it goes. So like for, for people saying, these guys, like, I understand he won the Heisman, but like he's not, he's not afforded the same situation. He's not in the same situation as Eli is. Like. So it's not, and

0 (1h 46m 34s):
John Elway was before that, I believe when it happened. And they were calling him Hall of Famer his freshman year of high school.

1 (1h 46m 39s):
Exactly.

0 (1h 46m 40s):
So he, you know, not that Jayden isn't gonna be special. I, I like watching Jayden Daniels play football

1 (1h 46m 44s):
For sure. That's why it feels as much as this, it could be all the agent, this is the time where a team might be like, Hey Jayden Daniels is causing a lot of problems off the field for the

0 (1h 46m 53s):
Commanders. Oh, this guy. No, not

1 (1h 46m 54s):
Fun. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think you want mortgage the future on a guy like this because of the fact that he, he might just not show up.

0 (1h 47m 0s):
It's all bullshit.

1 (1h 47m 1s):
Yeah, exactly. This until it's not, until it's not saying that. And then being like, with that being said, we'll give you three first round picks, come up and get him

0 (1h 47m 8s):
And a player. It'll, it'll be And with Bill there.

1 (1h 47m 11s):
Yeah. It's gonna be awesome. He's

0 (1h 47m 13s):
Gonna know because, you know, he has pretty close. I mean Adam Peters you do his research was with the Patriots. Yeah. I mean like 2003 or something. All

1 (1h 47m 23s):
These trades that we're talking about, you know, RG three, you know, what's his name? Trey Lance. Like he, he wasn in the league when all that was happening. Cannot

0 (1h 47m 32s):
Wait to hear his take on it. Well we were getting calls and

1 (1h 47m 35s):
Yeah. Want to

0 (1h 47m 36s):
Do any of that?

1 (1h 47m 36s):
Well that's what I do wanna know. he wasn, if he wasn ever gonna trade up. Peters was with the Patriots from oh three to oh eight. Okay.

0 (1h 47m 41s):
Yeah. So I'd say You know I'll beci. How about when the Patriots make their pick?

1 (1h 47m 46s):
Oh dude, I know. I, I'm very interested to see how that goes.

0 (1h 47m 49s):
He'll be football. Yeah. Business happy for them. Move along right to the who's fourth? Yeah. And. we trade before the world

1 (1h 47m 56s):
Picker. Think he's a Wolf fan. Just 'cause Wolf is, he's from a football family. His dad was in the Packers, all that shit.

0 (1h 48m 1s):
Okay, good. Thank you to today's sponsor. SeatGeek the best ticket app on planet Earth and the moon. Plus they have this beautiful ticker that we've been, you know, it goes out every once in a while. You see that every in a while. Stop. What's that all

1 (1h 48m 12s):
About? I don't know what is

0 (1h 48m 13s):
All about. It's not Seat Gee's fault. I know that SeatGeek, anything SeatGeek is part of is good. No, I think it's the tech. It's the tech. It's the tech.

13 (1h 48m 19s):
They it. Sometimes they do.

0 (1h 48m 21s):
And anytime you blame tech, it's good because there's nobody really to blame. No, you so, so normally the tech is the one that ends up at the end of the Point Fest. Yep. Yep. Then it goes right to

1 (1h 48m 33s):
That one tech. Well

0 (1h 48m 35s):
Here's that. Well it's,

1 (1h 48m 36s):
It's the tech, it's just the cloud.

0 (1h 48m 38s):
So you wanna go yell at the clouds?

1 (1h 48m 40s):
Go ahead, go ahead.

0 (1h 48m 42s):
But other than that, what SeatGeek provides us is not just an incredible ticker every single day and a great partnership, but they also provide tickets to every single event that is happening at the best price. Or if it's not the best price, they'll tell you with a little red.next they'll say, Hey, You can get a better ticket somewhere else. Smart. They're very transparent. They're authentic. They're the best. And right now use the code McAfee 30 M-C-A-F-E-E three zero to get $30 off your tickets. That's $30 off with code McAfee. 30 restrictions apply. We'll be back on Monday. Have an incredible weekend. You are the greatest people on Earth. Cheers Re Yeah. Yeah.

1 (1h 49m 18s):
Oh bang

13 (1h 49m 19s):
Boom.

0 (1h 49m 21s):
Like Paul

1 (1h 49m 21s):
Hit, right? Yeah. Teeing up a Paul Skees fastball.

0 (1h 49m 23s):
Well I was thinking of Paul Skees right here. 'cause that's where he wasn at.

13 (1h 49m 26s):
That's a big, that is a big guy dude. The hawk, he smoked huge

0 (1h 49m 30s):
Wow. Lumbering male.

1 (1h 49m 31s):
His legs. Yeah. His lower fucking massive. Yeah.

0 (1h 49m 33s):
And he said he caught up to his body or something. Yeah. Only like the last few

1 (1h 49m 38s):
Years.

13 (1h 49m 38s):
How, how do you throw so hard? He is like, I, I don't know, I just throw hard.

0 (1h 49m 41s):
He said it's only been the last few years too. So hopefully that means all the wear Correct. Wasn't correct. Plenty

13 (1h 49m 46s):
Of Yeah. That's good for him. For him last year. It's gotta be a great thing for him.

1 (1h 49m 49s):
Three to four outings with 120 pitches. And his arm felt good after.

0 (1h 49m 52s):
Yeah, he he, he said in the, during it, it felt good.

3 (1h 49m 55s):
Yeah. Well he said he played catcher growing up too and that's what he thought. he wasn. So he probably wasn't one of those guys who only pitched and was throwing, you know, all the time. Like he wasn just, he wasn catching a lot as

2 (1h 50m 4s):
I saw. I think 2022 when he wasn playing in the Cape Cod League. I believe he won the John Oliver dual player, a double player. So our

1 (1h 50m 13s):
He won the Johnny. Yeah. I didn't know that.

2 (1h 50m 15s):
Yeah. So he wasn't just a pitcher. He is out there doing it all.

0 (1h 50m 17s):
What's it called?

1 (1h 50m 18s):
The oh the Johnny. I mean everyone

0 (1h 50m 19s):
But but full name. What's the birth name of that award? Well,

1 (1h 50m 22s):
It's kind of like a UA town situation. It's kind of just the Johnny, but you know, he

0 (1h 50m 26s):
Literally just said it. You don't even remember it.

1 (1h 50m 28s):
No, no, no. I do it. It's what's the point? you know? you know. All rude

3 (1h 50m 31s):
Dude. It's You know John Al. He used to wear

13 (1h 50m 33s):
A helmet. He wore a helmet

1 (1h 50m 34s):
Per Of course I do. Yeah. Yeah. Doll like Peter Che. Come on

0 (1h 50m 37s):
Greg Goalie. Yes. That's a good call. I think he

2 (1h 50m 39s):
Actually played with Randy Johnson. He did? Yeah.

0 (1h 50m 42s):
He's so big. That skis guy so big. No. How about him being a catcher? What? Yeah,

1 (1h 50m 47s):
That's too.

0 (1h 50m 47s):
How is that even

1 (1h 50m 48s):
That's too big. That sucks

0 (1h 50m 49s):
For the ump. I appreciated his take on the, you know, just the automatic box. The strike box strike zone thing. He's like, I used to be a catcher. There's a job

3 (1h 50m 59s):
I hadn't thought of of that at all. That isn't a big

13 (1h 51m 2s):
Deal. Me either. Framing, framing pitches is a real

2 (1h 51m 4s):
Thing. It's the first thing I thought the other day when they were talking about the strike stuff like framing pitches is, is, I don't know, 90% of those catcher's job legit.

0 (1h 51m 12s):
And they're just taking it away completely. Yeah. Yeah. You, we get, we get a baboon to go sit back there, just put the glove up about have the Indianapolis Zoo. Yeah. Provide one of the chimpanzees, put a glove on it, have it sit back there, hit that thing right. And screws. And then the umpire can throw it back. 'cause the umpire ain't doing shit either. That's right. Yeah. Umpire's just being told if it's a ball or a strike or

13 (1h 51m 32s):
The chimp can throw it back. That chimp can throw that thing back.

1 (1h 51m 34s):
Well the problem is

0 (1h 51m 35s):
One they can catch. They can't throw. That's why we've always been one step ahead of 'em. One either can throw or catch and need two chimps maybe. 'cause we need a catching chimp. And then we need a throwing in chimp. That's why we've always been able to put them in cages as opposed to 'em put us in cages.

1 (1h 51m 48s):
Correct. Yeah. But if, if you release one of those chimps to come and play catcher, that thing is high. Tailing it to South America. Back to the jungle as fast as it can. 'cause they does not wanna live there. Then it earned

0 (1h 51m 56s):
It. Well they got this new walking tunnels for these chimpanzee. They can just tour the entire zoo. I

1 (1h 52m 3s):
Bet those smell great. Really? Yeah, they don't care.

0 (1h 52m 5s):
Yeah. I mean, cool. Chimps aren't shot. They are very clean.

13 (1h 52m 9s):
You mean like hamster tunnels? Like up above you? They walk around. Yeah. There're

0 (1h 52m 11s):
There it is. This is what we're talking about. This is what we're talking about.

13 (1h 52m 14s):
So you're telling me he can't throw that ball back?

0 (1h 52m 16s):
He can catch it. He's a catching one. I can tell. So you gotta

13 (1h 52m 18s):
Have two then. All right, then we get two of those guys back there.

0 (1h 52m 20s):
Yeah. We need a throw chimp and a catch chimp. Okay. And then all of a sudden we can figure it out from the Indianapolis Zoo. But it's not about smell, it's about them. They're just wandering around town. Yeah, they got, they got like aerial tunnels I

1 (1h 52m 30s):
Guess. I see. No, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're

0 (1h 52m 31s):
Walking over, they're walking over the drafts poking. Yep.

3 (1h 52m 35s):
Pooping on 'em. Yeah.

1 (1h 52m 36s):
Gotcha.

2 (1h 52m 37s):
They love doing that.

0 (1h 52m 38s):
Yeah. That's what chimp's doing in Indianapolis Zoo. It's pretty good.

13 (1h 52m 41s):
Wow. I need to check that

1 (1h 52m 42s):
Out dude. It's a great zoo.

0 (1h 52m 43s):
You guys got a zoo too? Columbus has good zoo, right? Oh

13 (1h 52m 46s):
Yeah. Jack Hannah. Yeah. It's a great zoo right

0 (1h 52m 47s):
Here. Indianapolis Zoo is a good zoo. It's big. It's, it's legit. Yeah. It's a good zoo.

13 (1h 52m 51s):
Is that a, is that old orangutan still hanging out? Almost dead. Yeah. Rocky

2 (1h 52m 55s):
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.

13 (1h 52m 56s):
Rocky looks very lively every time I've seen

0 (1h 52m 58s):
Him. Every time I've seen him in person too. He is not. He's just a curmudgeon.

2 (1h 53m 2s):
He like, yeah he is. Oh you want, he likes to fuck with he kids.

13 (1h 53m 5s):
He's got a four by four box to, to live in. It feels good.

0 (1h 53m 8s):
He's got a big glass box. Well,

3 (1h 53m 10s):
Not that big for how big he

2 (1h 53m 12s):
Is. Both time I've been there, he loves to scare the kids. Like my daughter will be up against a class and he'll just come. Yeah, I'm

13 (1h 53m 18s):
Fucking miserable. Come here.

0 (1h 53m 21s):
Hope you're happy. You're gonna live my life now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, Rocky, you're doing, you've done good. Rocky was in a Fergie music video. That's pretty sick. Rocky has obviously done draft pick for the Indianapolis Colton. Yep. And Rocky can draw a star if he Oh, he showing

2 (1h 53m 38s):
Author. Is that the cocaine they feed the the, no, the the lady orangutans are watching him.

0 (1h 53m 44s):
Yeah. Flip his tongue. That tongue

2 (1h 53m 47s):
Tie. Cherry do the alphabet. Yeah,

13 (1h 53m 49s):
Sure. Yeah. Does the old cherry trick ties Spell it out

0 (1h 53m 53s):
Joe. Yeah. Alright. Drives him. Wild Stop by Indianapolis Zoo. Sometimes my wife and daughter go there a lot. It's

2 (1h 53m 60s):
Great. Great. Good

0 (1h 54m 1s):
Too. Because my daughter, she's got, my wife got season passes and it's like such a good thing for Mackenzie to walk around. Oh yeah. She pounds on the aquarium. She's, Hey, she's walking when you're holding her hands.

13 (1h 54m 14s):
There we go.

0 (1h 54m 14s):
She's big stepping too. I mean, she's big stepping striding out. Big stepping. Yeah. It's like, yo, we, we gotta slow it down a little bit, don't you think? Nope. We're going back to the, okay. Alright. That's awesome. And when she's crawling, she's beating the shit outta the ground. I mean we are moving, you know, she might be watching those. Might be those chimpanzees a little bit too much. Could be. Oh

3 (1h 54m 32s):
Yeah. Might

2 (1h 54m 34s):
See she have a wide gate.

13 (1h 54m 35s):
She's throwing turds.

0 (1h 54m 38s):
Well actually she pissed on bed this morning 'cause we're trying to change her diaper. And when it was off she felt free and she let it go. She let it go. Oh yeah. It's gonna hammer. I get it. I get it. She doesn't like getting her diaper changed on the changing table anymore so that that's become a full thing. She could roll over. She could try to jump out. She could scream G roll. She has reali. Yeah. And she's so strong. I, I've tried to like hold her. Oh no,

3 (1h 54m 60s):
They're

0 (1h 55m 1s):
So strong. Yeah.

3 (1h 55m 1s):
Like insanely strong.

0 (1h 55m 2s):
What's her deal? I don't know. I've literally asked a couple different like, what's your deal? How are you? I should be able to just put you down here. Kinda like

3 (1h 55m 9s):
A chimpanzee. No, they get something in their hands. You try to get it away. No way. Your grip strength is

0 (1h 55m 14s):
Chest hair. Oh yeah. Chest hair and skin too sometimes.

2 (1h 55m 18s):
Yep. You bet. Necklace.

3 (1h 55m 19s):
Ha ha. Hair. Actual hair.

0 (1h 55m 21s):
She hasn't gone from my hair yet. Getting in there, huh? Yeah.

3 (1h 55m 24s):
It hurts.

0 (1h 55m 26s):
It hurts right now. Right now we gotta get her on a, she's on a soft thing, but it can't be the changing table to change diaper without full on scene dramatics. Sure. you know the whole, the whole song and dance. So this morning it was the bed And. it was, it was awesome. It was a good time. And then she just was like, oh, this looks nice. I'm gonna mark this territory pissed all over.

1 (1h 55m 49s):
Learning too much from Chuck.

0 (1h 55m 50s):
Yeah, you're right. Yeah.

1 (1h 55m 51s):
That, that, that might be what it is. Yeah.

0 (1h 55m 53s):
Her and vow tight. Her and Chuck not so much. Well

1 (1h 55m 55s):
That's good. She

13 (1h 55m 55s):
Ride Chuck around. Can she ride his back? No,

0 (1h 55m 57s):
She, Chuck's,

1 (1h 55m 58s):
Chuck's struggling.

0 (1h 55m 59s):
Chuck is a okay

1 (1h 56m 1s):
Boy. Yeah, look, I was just, I was just there and I was videotaping Chuck strictly to watch his legs go.

0 (1h 56m 10s):
He got on a cold tub.

1 (1h 56m 11s):
No, unfortunately the cold tub. Is that lying down on the ground? Yeah.

0 (1h 56m 16s):
On a cold tub. That's why he wasn cold

1 (1h 56m 17s):
Boy because he'll, he'll, he'll get up for a good 10, 15 seconds and then right away. Oh fuck. Got way too much to back down. No, no, no. Yeah, I respect what

0 (1h 56m 27s):
You're saying is you're seeing is him flexing his muscles for you? So it's involuntary spasms. Oh,

1 (1h 56m 31s):
Of the

0 (1h 56m 32s):
Okay. Of the thigh. you know the cal.

1 (1h 56m 34s):
Okay. He kind of showing off to the crack 'cause he's been trying to support that weight all day or,

0 (1h 56m 38s):
Well he has a little bit more space between gut and ground now. Oh nice. Does he? Which tells us that a little bit more now. Yeah. Remember he wasn. he wasn a scraper. Yeah. Yeah. he wasn scrap. We have the fattest corgi on earth. The biggest corgi to ever existed by, by far.

1 (1h 56m 50s):
Yeah. Without

13 (1h 56m 50s):
A doubt. How much did, how much does he weigh do you think? Two 80. Oh,

1 (1h 56m 54s):
Up there.

13 (1h 56m 55s):
He's only like 12 inches, eight inches tall. Exactly.

1 (1h 56m 58s):
Think about that for,

0 (1h 56m 59s):
Well he does look taller now once again, because his gut Sure. Yep. He is off of that. But those push those little tiny legs. I don't know how they're supposed to sport

1 (1h 57m 6s):
Dog. Well they're not,

0 (1h 57m 8s):
I don't even know how they're supposed to sport any dog. Normalized dog. I don't know about Chuck and how that's gonna exist, but Yeah, Chuck is certainly

13 (1h 57m 15s):
Can Chuck swim?

1 (1h 57m 16s):
Look at that brick shit house.

0 (1h 57m 19s):
Yeah. Chuck. Chuck can't float. Obviously as we look at him, you see him. Well

1 (1h 57m 23s):
He might be able to get a couple, couple steps off the, off the deck.

0 (1h 57m 28s):
Yeah. Chuck's big. Chuck's a big boy.

1 (1h 57m 30s):
Chuck. Chuck's a round mound. My friend

0 (1h 57m 33s):
Chuck is a that's Yeah, go ahead.

13 (1h 57m 36s):
No, it's not filtered or anything. Right.

1 (1h 57m 37s):
Horizontal hole. No

0 (1h 57m 39s):
Shop here. This is,

1 (1h 57m 40s):
It's all Chuck. He

13 (1h 57m 41s):
Chuck looks much leaner now though. I feel like this is what? Christmas time?

0 (1h 57m 44s):
It's a bad angle of him. It is.

1 (1h 57m 45s):
That's holiday. Wait.

13 (1h 57m 46s):
It is. Why would you? Yeah,

1 (1h 57m 48s):
I mean I, this wasn't me. You should see the videos I got

0 (1h 57m 51s):
Anyways. Chuck is also a stubborn prick, so that's good. you know, that's a really good thing. The amount of times I just gotta look at him and like, just like give him a little boop. Yeah, well, because he doesn't wanna move out of Mackenzie's way. Sure. Like, hey, she's crawling, but he wants to stand right in front and he acts as an entire gate and he doesn't move. And I'm like, move. And he's doesn't move. I

1 (1h 58m 14s):
Fucking can't. You made me too fat motherfucker. What do you mean move? I don't wanna be here.

13 (1h 58m 19s):
No, take him lay in front of the stairs though. Especially she gets more mobile. Like a baby, like a a baby gate. You don't Oh

0 (1h 58m 25s):
She, she attempted to jump off the bed. First timer first of this happening and then she didn't learn it at all. She, she wanted to do it again. Oh yeah. Yeah. She just was like, gimme all. Yeah. Yeah. She's, she seems to be a little bit of a Are they all evil Knievel? Like they all just don't have have a

3 (1h 58m 41s):
My daughter definitely is. Yeah.

0 (1h 58m 43s):
Okay. Yeah. Alright. So that's what we signed up for I guess.

1 (1h 58m 46s):
Yeah, that's what we did.

0 (1h 58m 48s):
Yes we did.

1 (1h 58m 49s):
Yes we did.

0 (1h 58m 50s):
Let's get to a break. We'll go to a rumor mill and then we'll go into the greatest weekend of all time. aj

13 (1h 58m 58s):
Who's, who are we going to in the rumor

0 (1h 58m 59s):
Mill? Donny. Dawn. Dawn. Yeah. That's the only person we know. Oh,

13 (1h 59m 2s):
That's right.

0 (1h 59m 4s):
There's a lot of things You know that. We've been trying so

13 (1h 59m 6s):
Many things. So many things

0 (1h 59m 9s):
We've been trying to You know. See one we won 'cause Donnie Dawn. Dawn, you know, he's, he we tough to get ahold of. It is. Yep.

2 (1h 59m 15s):
Yeah.

0 (1h 59m 16s):
So you kinda wonder like what has he heard about and what will we get wrong? What will we misunderstand about what's going on as he lives down in a rumor mill with the boys. I'll be excited to find out. Okay. What do you think, Ty? You think there's gonna be a little, you think Donny Don Don's gonna throw some gas today or no? I think

3 (1h 59m 34s):
Donny Don Don only throws gas.

0 (1h 59m 36s):
Yeah, that's what I've recognized. Yeah.

3 (1h 59m 38s):
So yeah. I'm I'm guessing he's gonna be 105 hundred six right on the block.

0 (1h 59m 43s):
Paul Skees. Yeah.

3 (1h 59m 44s):
Bingo.

0 (1h 59m 45s):
We have two Paul Skees On today. Yeah. Well Mad Mel

2 (1h 59m 49s):
Speaking of

0 (1h 59m 49s):
Threw some meat. Oh boy. What's up

2 (1h 59m 52s):
Russ Wilson throwing first pitch today at the Buck Coasts game. Full uniform taking bp, probably playing shortstop for the game as well. So

0 (1h 59m 57s):
Just keep that, that's what you're wishing for. Is that actually happening? I

2 (1h 59m 59s):
Think it's probably actually happening.

1 (2h 0m 1s):
Well the first pitch is the first pitch is actually happening.

13 (2h 0m 4s):
Okay. What time

2 (2h 0m 5s):
If I know Russ? Full, full uniforms probably happening.

13 (2h 0m 7s):
Full football uniform. You mean helmet and

0 (2h 0m 9s):
Everything? No baseball. Baseball obviously. That'd be so sweet. But he also has the flip up and flip down glasses. Yeah. Needed them because in Pittsburgh eye black. Yeah. Yeah. Big too Pittsburgh East's not easy to go with the sun. Baseball

2 (2h 0m 19s):
Bottom

0 (2h 0m 19s):
Football top. Definitely Big League two. Yeah. Not yet. There we

13 (2h 0m 21s):
Go. Baseball bottom football top. Yep. Yeah, that would be so sweet. Yeah. Get the big Barry Bonds cross earring too.

0 (2h 0m 30s):
Before we get to a break, let's turn on the music. Ladies and gentlemen. Brandon Ayuka has posted on his Instagram story he is FaceTiming with,

1 (2h 0m 44s):
Is that his? That's Jayden Daniels I believe.

0 (2h 0m 47s):
I do not know. I

1 (2h 0m 48s):
I am, I am 90% sure that that is Jayden Daniels.

0 (2h 0m 53s):
I mean that is half a face. Yep. Blurry at the bottom. Yep. Are you, can we get a little bit more context please? He said brother said we got six days in it's fireworks. Oh, so he's

2 (2h 1m 3s):
Pumped about the draft. Spectacular. Yeah. 'cause

0 (2h 1m 5s):
I think so Bill Belichick gonna be co-host in a draft. Spectacular. Yeah. Or they're saying big trade coming or big trade coming. Yeah. Either one. Oh my God.

1 (2h 1m 15s):
Which I mean, see this is so weird. I'm trying not to go six to midnight. But you, I mean think about the wide receivers that have been traded for second and fifth round picks. Think about a team who has the top of the second round where there will still be a lot of great receivers and think about the team that has the top three pick that could get Jay and Daniels. I mean, I'm just saying Sure. Both of them could easily end up with the Raiders somehow, but boy oh boy, there's really one team sitting pretty that can get both of these guys if possible. And. that would be the New England Patriot.

2 (2h 1m 41s):
Okay. So I did a search on the internet. No.

0 (2h 1m 43s):
Could you imagine Bill Belichick on the program? Yeah. While the Patriots are doing all of that, if that is the case, there's a lot of different teams I think that would be interested in all parties

1 (2h 1m 51s):
Here. Oh, definitely.

2 (2h 1m 52s):
I did an internet search. You're the only one saying that. Shane Daniels. I'm not saying it's not. Who is it? It may be his brother. 'cause it does say brothers, brother,

0 (2h 2m 1s):
Brothers. Oh, so an actual brother.

1 (2h 2m 3s):
Okay. Which

0 (2h 2m 4s):
Brother said we got six days and it's fireworks.

1 (2h 2m 9s):
They do call each other. Figure that out pretty quick.

2 (2h 2m 11s):
His agent does. There's a lot of mixed, his agent been on Twitter saying like, he's not going anywhere.

0 (2h 2m 16s):
His agent's been saying he's not going anywhere.

1 (2h 2m 18s):
Iu? Yeah.

2 (2h 2m 19s):
What do you mean? I just sent him one of 'em.

1 (2h 2m 20s):
Oh,

0 (2h 2m 20s):
Iu. And then IU goes his Instagram story. He says six days we got fired. He's excited for the draft. Yeah, let's get to a break. Okay.

1 (2h 2m 27s):
Hmm

0 (2h 2m 28s):
Brother. Thank you. Yeah,

1 (2h 2m 30s):
They, I mean they kind, they're close to the point where they do say they are close that they're brothers, Arizona State and then all that shit. They, he Jayn Daniels was at the San Francisco NFC championship game in the locker room.

0 (2h 2m 44s):
So at this point on the internet, blurry half face, lower right corner. Yeah. Has not been identified or has been identified.

2 (2h 2m 51s):
Not, it would be very impressive if Connor was the one.

1 (2h 2m 53s):
I I am pretty confident in the hair and facial hair. Is Jaden Day kind of a match? Yeah. Teeth. Everything.

0 (2h 3m 3s):
Okay, go back. Let's go back, let's go back. Let's go back. Oh, okay.

2 (2h 3m 8s):
Could be

0 (2h 3m 9s):
Let's go back. Definitely could be. And their connection is from college. Yeah,

2 (2h 3m 15s):
You might be right. I

1 (2h 3m 16s):
Mean I, I'm, I'm say I'm willing to.

0 (2h 3m 18s):
How come he couldn't just tell us though too, you know? Yeah. Tag him.

1 (2h 3m 22s):
What does fireworks, what does that mean?

0 (2h 3m 24s):
Boo boo and bellies. Shots. Shots, explosives, that type of stuff.

1 (2h 3m 29s):
Yeah. Yeah. Someone just sent in a photo of them too on the field together.

0 (2h 3m 34s):
Brother said we got six days in fireworks.

1 (2h 3m 38s):
That doesn't mean they're both on the same team.

0 (2h 3m 40s):
No, it just means six days in shit spots pop off dude. So this is now, if that is Jayden Daniels witch, Hey I will be on board with Neighbors has said something.

1 (2h 3m 52s):
Yep.

0 (2h 3m 54s):
Iuk has now said something. And these are people he's very tight with, right? Yep. Somebody knows something.

2 (2h 4m 1s):
There are a couple of Jade Daniels now out there.

1 (2h 4m 3s):
Something's going on. I mean, what are we talking about? I've been staring at two photos for the last four months and one of 'em was Jane Daniels and the other was Drake. May I know what these fucking guys look like?

0 (2h 4m 13s):
Let's get to a break. That's a big deal on the IG stories. It is had chapter saying. If you look at the emojis, you'd say now we're looking at IG stories. And we're saying Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa Whoa. That's draft.

2 (2h 4m 23s):
That's why we love

1 (2h 4m 24s):
It. Draft season. And that's why we love it

0 (2h 4m 26s):
Sometimes, you know,

1 (2h 4m 28s):
Sometimes you don't know

0 (2h 4m 30s):
And sometimes we know that we don't know. But it's fun to think we maybe do know

1 (2h 4m 35s):
Bingo. And that's why we love it.

0 (2h 4m 37s):
Let's get to a break. We'll see you in about five with a rumor mill check-in. And then maybe we call wrap sheep. Maybe a weekly wrap up with rap sheep friends. Just cold call wrap. Okay. See

13 (2h 4m 49s):
It's almost golf season, right? We gotta get 'em now.

0 (2h 4m 51s):
Well it's Harry Potter pe dispenser season. Yeah, you're

1 (2h 4m 53s):
Right. Let's get to

0 (2h 4m 54s):
A break. Be a friend. Tell a friend. Remember

1 (2h 4m 57s):
Post draft. Do those things. Yeah.

13 (2h 4m 58s):
Vaguely. I vaguely remember. He is he a big Pez guy?

1 (2h 5m 1s):
Massive PE guy? I think it would. PE museum. Yeah.

13 (2h 5m 5s):
Oh, he like collects these things.

0 (2h 5m 7s):
Aj, what happens? Are you here? Are it feels like So I wasn't here.

13 (2h 5m 10s):
I don't think I was here when he talked about the PE thing. I think you referenc

1 (2h 5m 13s):
Later.

13 (2h 5m 14s):
I didn't know how serious, I didn't know how serious he wasn about the old Pez deal.

0 (2h 5m 17s):
Nah, I think he's like

1 (2h 5m 18s):
Locked in.

0 (2h 5m 19s):
Season member. Yeah. Yeah.

1 (2h 5m 22s):
Season

0 (2h 5m 22s):
Pass.

13 (2h 5m 22s):
Cool. And. we all,

1 (2h 5m 24s):
He FaceTimed with Jude actually put the same thing on his IG story brother. Six days from now we got fireworks.

0 (2h 5m 30s):
And that's the pe dispensary. Pe dispensary. Nine days from

1 (2h 5m 33s):
Today. Excuse me. Yeah.

0 (2h 5m 34s):
'cause after the draft. Yeah, let's get to a break.

1 (2h 5m 36s):
Jude's losing his fucking

0 (2h 5m 37s):
Mind. Something's happening too, huh?

1 (2h 5m 39s):
Sounds like it. Maybe

0 (2h 5m 41s):
Speed to a break.

1 (2h 5m 42s):
I mean, if, if they were smart they just You know. Go back to three.

0 (2h 5m 46s):
You guys are gonna go up. Just swap two

1 (2h 5m 47s):
And three if you, if you're worried

0 (2h 5m 49s):
Easy deal

1 (2h 5m 56s):
Boards.

0 (2h 5m 58s):
Not a lot of fazz, but that's AJ. Hawk. Yeah.

1 (2h 5m 60s):
And boy classic Hoer.

0 (2h 6m 1s):
Appreciate you AJ. Talk tables here at Boss Connor And that Ty Schmidt conman rocking a great shirt. Yeah.

1 (2h 6m 6s):
Thank you. Shout out Kaylin ey Jackson for sending this to me. It is very, very nice. Very nice.

0 (2h 6m 11s):
Yeah, it was a nice little birthday. Yeah.

1 (2h 6m 13s):
Truly. It, it, it really was very thoughtful.

0 (2h 6m 15s):
It was very kind of you to thank her this morning as well because there was a little conspiracy being pitched and maybe, you know, she was either trying to poison you or water you up. So I stopped saying anything bad about the cult. Yeah.

1 (2h 6m 26s):
We'll see what happens later in the day. you know, this thing did smell a little like rat poison. But again, what we'll see after the fact, how it affects me,

0 (2h 6m 33s):
I guess you can never rule it out. The thing we learned there at Evan Foxy who punches the buttons to change the cameras and edits videos. Yeah. He, he believes that rats are real. Right. That's what I just heard. A hundred percent. 'cause if that's rat poison, rats gotta be real. Right?

1 (2h 6m 46s):
I mean come on, we've, we've all, we've all read an Andrew Marsha article, what we talked about here. What are we, what are we speaking about? Well

0 (2h 6m 54s):
Done.

13 (2h 6m 55s):
Hell

0 (2h 6m 55s):
Done.

1 (2h 6m 56s):
You absolute know.

0 (2h 6m 57s):
How good did that feel? That felt pretty good.

1 (2h 6m 58s):
Yeah. I mean you set me up for it. I appreciate it.

0 (2h 7m 0s):
I we haven't Hey, he's still doing it right? He's, I don't

1 (2h 7m 3s):
Know. Yeah. That, that was kind of just like a blast from the past. Shout out.

0 (2h 7m 7s):
That's a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. Hope you're doing well man. Actually don't care. But I assume you are doing well because Oh there he is. You're guy's a talent guy's A talent, yeah Guy. The guy is a talent. One half of the hammer Dad Cowboys Tony Digs is here. Tony, you were the one that started cooking up the conspirator. Are you okay? Oh, I'm great. You okay? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What's happening? Tony, you were the one that cooked up the conspiracy about maybe trying, I was to butter him up and do that entire thing. How about the conspiracy theory round number two, overall pick. How much do we need to focus on that, that whenever we're talking about gambling and what else should we be thinking about gambling as we go into this weekend from the Hammer dad, boys.

2 (2h 7m 42s):
There's almost too much bullshit around number two at this point, to be honest. Like, 'cause now that now, now there's, we have no idea. Like I, I, I, I Shafty still thinks it's still gonna be Jay Daniels. So if you trust that at minus one 30, those are really good odds. And if you want to do that, go ahead and take Daniels to go number two. But there's just so much shit going around right now for number two. It's something I would stay away. Like I, there's a lot more value farther down the draft. Like there's players to go top 25, top 15, stuff like that. Like Bowers is, Bowers has like the same odds to go top 10. And I, you're sitting in the Jets are at number 10. There's other teams like the Chargers and stuff like that who Bowers can go to and stuff like that. I wouldn't I, me right now personally I wouldn't fuck with two.

0 (2h 8m 23s):
Okay. We're just staying completely away from too many question marks. Yeah. Papa Gamino. We got baseball this weekend to gamble on. We got, we got soccer to gamble on this weekend. We got hockey, we got basketball. Pardon? What are you picking to kind of pick apart this weekend?

4 (2h 8m 37s):
I'm gonna go back to the draft here.

0 (2h 8m 39s):
Really

4 (2h 8m 40s):
Flyer. You think the Raiders getting Ja Jaden Daniels plus 600 right now? Whoa. I think it's worth a sprint actually.

0 (2h 8m 47s):
That's, you would think that would be more. Yeah, I would think that would be more, much bigger. Is that changed what they

13 (2h 8m 51s):
Have to

0 (2h 8m 51s):
Give up? Must.

4 (2h 8m 52s):
I don't know what it was at before today. It's

2 (2h 8m 54s):
Actually kind of short. Yeah.

4 (2h 8m 55s):
But also JJ McCarthy plus 1 0 5 to go to the Vikings right now.

0 (2h 8m 59s):
And, we just like that strictly because there's been a lot of smoke with that. Yep.

2 (2h 9m 2s):
What about Giants?

0 (2h 9m 4s):
Yeah. Sh Strikes

4 (2h 9m 5s):
Had they, they're plus two 50 now.

0 (2h 9m 7s):
So the plus 600 for the Raiders. So much seemingly has to happen for that to take place. But there's a lot of smoke. We got Iuk IG stories, we got Malik neighbors and Jayden Daniels IG lives. We got tweets from the agent. We got a lot of stuff we do And. we got Adam Sheffer saying there's maneuvering going on. AJ. It sounds like that too spot there's going as I fireworks. Yeah. Potentially at the number two spot Zam belly. Yeah,

13 (2h 9m 32s):
But we have so six days left, we know between now and actual say seven 30 when we start the preview show for the draft. A lot's gonna happen. Who knows? We could be completely different landscape by now.

0 (2h 9m 42s):
Draft's spectacular kick. Son of a bitch.

13 (2h 9m 46s):
Draft spectacular kickoff show.

0 (2h 9m 48s):
Well now that I'm, it's just supposed to be draft spectacular kickoff. Yep. That's, it's all. So when you see this graphic tomorrow that the show at the end will be off it be it was just Yeah. Hosted by Bill Belichick. Yeah. Yeah. That should be the his all make that bigger. Hey this was his idea by the way. His idea was

2 (2h 10m 8s):
His

0 (2h 10m 8s):
Baby. Don't we need to explain some things before we get started and I wanted to explain to him like lot of downtime during the first round. Yeah, lot of fill,

2 (2h 10m 16s):
We start at eight 30.

0 (2h 10m 17s):
Lot of fill. We're gonna have to do Bill, but he wants to get ahead of some stuff. Yeah. You know especially as these once, if number two happens, the way number two is seemingly potentially gonna happen, there's gonna be a lot of drama there early. Yes. A lot of action. Yes. Could

13 (2h 10m 32s):
Change the whole first round too if a lot of

0 (2h 10m 34s):
Action

2 (2h 10m 35s):
Happens. Drama at two last year as well. Bing,

0 (2h 10m 37s):
I don't remember. Yeah, three.

2 (2h 10m 40s):
Well it was the, so Bryce, by the time that we got to next week or whatever, Bryce was pretty much known to be number one. But then like an hour before, remember if you, because I remember sitting right here and then going into the hammer down studio as we were going on stage And, it was like 10, 15 minutes before the draft where things finally started revealing themselves. And it start, it went, it ended up going. cj like I can't

3 (2h 11m 2s):
Listen, I, I gotta take a shit. I'm Yeah, he did say he wasn but Chipotle's been getting been given to look at

13 (2h 11m 8s):
That waddle. Oh gross.

3 (2h 11m 12s):
Been there, been there.

0 (2h 11m 14s):
Oh no. Hey good news conman. Good news. There's dude wipes and all the stalls in

3 (2h 11m 19s):
There. That's right.

2 (2h 11m 20s):
But the way he said it, like he said, I can't listen to this bullshit anymore.

0 (2h 11m 24s):
Well it did seem like he wasn weighing the options. Like you remember when Aaron was like, Aaron was like, if I was 60% healthy but we had a hundred percent chance of making the playoffs, I would've been able to do the math and I would've been able to play. Right. But since we're at 0% chance of making the playoffs, I would have to be at about a hundred percent if we were gonna get out there and play. Why risk it right there? he wasn in a risk reward. Do I wanna hear this take I was here last year or in risk shitting my pants or do I wanna get outta here? And in that one it just skewed. Yep. Yeah. And that's not on you. I

2 (2h 11m 56s):
No, it could be what you said or it could be what it was.

0 (2h 11m 59s):
No, no he wasn't.

2 (2h 12m 0s):
It was in, it was, it was incredibly disrespectful.

0 (2h 12m 3s):
No, Tony. Yeah. The poop, you know, was disrespectful is what his butt hole is doing him right now.

2 (2h 12m 8s):
Well I mean he should have pooped when we just took

3 (2h 12m 10s):
A break. Now Tony, you know when you gotta go you gotta go And it. As simple as

0 (2h 12m 14s):
That. I think he did poop by the way during break. He might be in a real well that

2 (2h 12m 16s):
It's a real, then it's a

3 (2h 12m 17s):
Real problem. Well he did have Chipotle. He could have an e co deal. Well

0 (2h 12m 20s):
We have no idea. No. Yeah

3 (2h 12m 22s):
That was, that just happened. you know, land queer God

0 (2h 12m 25s):
We have no idea if that's true. Jeez Louis. That did happen though. It did. I saw Matt Hasselbeck dead. Dead on the, on the locker room floor of the Houston Texans arena or stadium down there. I think it was NRG at the time. I don't know if it still is. NRGI believe it is. What was it before that? Houston had another name before that Reliant whatever They reliant. Yeah. Reliant Stadium. Now that's a good pool there. Whatever the case. Very loud. Matt Hasselbeck had the first, I think one of the first cases of the entire e coli. he wasn. Ah dude. And then he, then he won, then we went and won the game. I showed up at the stadium. He's hoodie up Cartman, shout out. Or Kenny. Kenny, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

0 (2h 13m 6s):
Kenny over his head tied tight sweats all the way down to his, his feet even covered laying in front of his locker. Just passed out. And I'm on first bus over there, so one of the first people in the locker room and there's a dead, there's a dead person in our locker room. Like, no that's star quarterback tonight. he wasn, like he wasn been in the hospital the last two nights too. It's like, geez, Louis. And he went out and won the game. aj. He went out and won the game somehow. I have no idea. Good

19 (2h 13m 31s):
For him. And, we have

0 (2h 13m 32s):
Guys

13 (2h 13m 33s):
Sit out games with like mild illnesses and this guy goes out and wins a

0 (2h 13m 36s):
Game with e Coli I think. Yeah. Crazy. Wild. That's wild. Now that we're looking back on it. Oh yeah. And I think he even threw like a go to win that thing to TY. We had like a third and something. I think if it's the same game, it was like a third and something. 'cause I was getting ready to punt. Not a lot of time left. It's like, ah, I hope we get the first down, but not, and you know, as a punter, like, okay, here we go. This is, this is literally what we're here for. This is literally the reason why we are here. Close game, end of game. Gotta do it. And then all of a sudden they run a go to tty completes it. First down, game over. Game over. We win. That guy had E Cola just won to get, it was, it was bananas. It was a wild night. I hope that's not the case for Connor and his butthole and his toilets. Yeah, me too. Because we've got a big weekend ahead of us.

0 (2h 14m 16s):
Big weekend ahead of us. But it's not just about what's ahead of us, it's about what has happened before us that maybe people have heard about. Yeah. Around the world. Not just You know in different countries and, and different places. We're talking about Don, you know, in the trenches we're talking about in the mills, in the rumor mill with no outside world, except for one potential little grasp of a story from the outside world. Ladies, gentlemen, it's Donny. Don. Don in the Rumor. Mill. Yeah. Donnie,

19 (2h 14m 48s):
Great to see you all again.

0 (2h 14m 50s):
Donny, it's nips to see you again too. Palette. What's the temperature down in that rumor mill? I, we would think it would be hot. 'cause all the work that's going on down here. Yeah,

19 (2h 14m 58s):
Well usually it is. There is a lot of heat. There's a lot of hot and heavy people down here, but you know, a lot of ice in everybody's veins. 'cause we're always ready to work.

0 (2h 15m 6s):
Yeah. Well I appreciate that. And we're forever gonna need the blue collar folks who do work in mills to do their thing. Yeah, anytime. Oh, okay. Thank you for your service, Donna.

19 (2h 15m 14s):
Thank you. Donnie. Done Don. Thank me.

0 (2h 15m 18s):
Donny. Thank you Donny. Thank you

19 (2h 15m 19s):
Donnie. Thank you Donny. I accept your thanks.

0 (2h 15m 22s):
Okay. It's very nice of you Is that you got a pack of smokes there on your right. On your right. You're just using. Yeah,

19 (2h 15m 27s):
Maybe May. Maybe I do. I forgot to wear pants today.

0 (2h 15m 32s):
I don't think you should be showing up in a mill with no pants. you know what I mean?

19 (2h 15m 34s):
Oh no, no. It doesn't matter at all. You don't have to wear pants. It's one of those environments. Oh,

0 (2h 15m 38s):
The smokes just moved. It seems like you got Whoa.

19 (2h 15m 41s):
Whoa. I'm not trying to get a sponsorship, you know what I mean?

0 (2h 15m 44s):
Yeah, absolutely. I Oh, oh yeah. Yep. Obviously always working. That's Donny. Don. Don. Always working. Alright, Donny, Don. Don, what have you been hearing down there in the rumor mill? Any, anything, anything accurate? I wonder this week,

19 (2h 15m 56s):
Everything accurate as always. but you know, there's been a lot of news. We have a couple of people in the mill from Arizona that are very upset about the coyotes move and oh, you know, there has been a lot of rumors circling around the Utah's hockey team name, all that stuff. Rumor has it that one of the things in the works is Mormon's on ice. No city name. No, no animal or cool. Ah, No, no animal or cool name or anything like that. Just Mormons on ice in the, and the best part about Mormons on ice is in the intermissions. The worst line performing wise has to go out and do a routine.

19 (2h 16m 39s):
A la Disney on ice. Let it go. Let it go. Let it go. Then You know. That's one of the things. The other rumor that you know, I am a big fan of is that they weren't gonna do a team name. Actually, they were gonna go by Salt Lake comma, Utah, the sluts for short capital S SL capital. Ut that,

0 (2h 16m 60s):
No, that

19 (2h 17m 1s):
Rumor, rumor has it Utah's big on the name, the sluts. That's just what I hearing.

0 (2h 17m 5s):
No, because then the SLC Salt. Lake

19 (2h 17m 7s):
City, no, they're leaving up the city. I don't know why. I'm a big city fan too. But they want to kind of emphasize the lake. So they're going capital S sl capital ut for Utah s You put that together.

0 (2h 17m 18s):
Yeah. Yeah, we got it. Yeah.

19 (2h 17m 20s):
And then all cap.

0 (2h 17m 21s):
I don't think anybody just wanna let you know outside of here, nobody else has been. aj have you heard that in Ohio? I haven't heard that one time. I

19 (2h 17m 27s):
Have, I have not heard that. Donnie, that might be strictly, you know, you just, you guys in

0 (2h 17m 31s):
The mill. Yeah. You might have made that up, it sounds like. Yeah. I don't think anybody's actually thinking that. The name is highly, highly chatted about already.

19 (2h 17m 37s):
Didn't Well, the way the hawk said that, I'm gonna just go ahead and kind of try and get over that. But look, if, if, if you're not gonna root for the slut, that's, that's you.

0 (2h 17m 46s):
Alright.

19 (2h 17m 46s):
A lot of people in the rumor mill have already bought the merch. Okay. They already had the merch, but they're already buying more.

0 (2h 17m 51s):
All right. Well, I I don't think it's gonna be, this seems like a Jayden Daniels jersey potential situation. Although at his favor I Nobody's thinking that though. You can go ahead and call those stories with the boys down there. What else are you hearing down the rumor Mill Powell? Well,

19 (2h 18m 3s):
Down the rumor mill. Big topic of conversation actually was regarding your city with Kaitlyn Clark coming to town. I mean, everybody was buzzing. I had, you know, people walking out to me. PDP Pete guy doesn't even watch basketball all of a sudden. He's the biggest fever fan of all time. We like

0 (2h 18m 19s):
That. Yeah.

19 (2h 18m 19s):
I mean, look, people are buzzing. Mar Margie. Marge, Marge. You should have seen what she said about Kaylin Clark. Oh,

0 (2h 18m 26s):
Marge is in the rumor

19 (2h 18m 27s):
Mill Mar Mar in the room. She, she's running the rumor mill. Brother, you need to get back down here, my friend. Never. But rumor has it. Unfortunately, the biggest story around Kailin Clark was the, that weirdo of Greg Dole. Oh geez. Yeah. So rumor has it, Greg Dole's been fired. And what's even cooler, and who knows how this turns out, is kinda like how Rotten Tomatoes like in IMDB. He's gonna start doing that around the country. I, Victoria's Secrets. He's gonna be red them.

0 (2h 18m 58s):
I dunno,

19 (2h 18m 58s):
That's not all, all the way. No rumor has it. He's rating the people who work there. He's rating the ambiance, he's rating the smells. And he's not stopping at Victoria's Secret. He's also gonna go and do that with strip club. Okay.

0 (2h 19m 10s):
Yeah. Okay. Rumor

19 (2h 19m 12s):
Has it, rumor has it, he is going strip club to strip club and he's rating polls. He's writing food. He's writing feet. He's doing all of

0 (2h 19m 19s):
It. No, that is not Donny Don. He still is working for any, he's not fired. None of that. So really? Yeah, that's, and all the other stuff you said. Sounds like you're making that up. Well, what time is it? Okay, well, I don't, what's, we're on Eastern time over here. It's 2 33.

19 (2h 19m 36s):
Okay. Well it's, it's 3:30 AM here. So, I mean There's a chance that the, the news hasn't hit you yet.

0 (2h 19m 41s):
Oh, you're tomorrow 3:38 AM

19 (2h 19m 44s):
Yes sir. Yeah, but

0 (2h 19m 46s):
I broke a little bit down tongue.

19 (2h 19m 49s):
Yeah, maybe, maybe. I'm looking at my clock wrong. It be, I know there's a, I dunno in the middle. Gets dark so early.

0 (2h 19m 54s):
He's calling other people weirdos. He's got his

19 (2h 19m 56s):
Nipples. What do you want me to do about my nipples? I mean, this came up last week. Tape. What can I do? What can I do? Tape 'em. No, I'm not gonna do that. It is a nip free zone, brother.

0 (2h 20m 7s):
Yeah, you're right. I forgot. Free 50 safety precautions in the mill is obviously a big deal. Yeah. I don't think any of that's true, but I do appreciate that the Indianapolis and the Indiana Fever are massive fan favorites. Some other side of the world. Yeah. Wherever we are. Savingly, anything else you're hearing about the week that was over there in a river mill?

19 (2h 20m 26s):
Speaking of the other side of the world, Pat. I got, I got some really, really bad news Rumor as that China's running the FBI now. Okay. China's on the fbi. I don't know, I don't know if this is going through the cloud or may maybe, maybe check the bugs and the back walls on this. I know you guys have a murderer in your building. Maybe have him go through the logs and make you Chinese aren't running their fingery clouds through everything going on. Because unfortunately as the illustrious Evan Fox pulls up this tweet, the Chinese government has borrowed themselves inside of the FBI. It's a damn shame. Okay. I was not supposed to be the one to break this, you know, rumor has the fbi,

0 (2h 21m 7s):
You're not breaking it. Okay.

19 (2h 21m 9s):
I'm breaking this. I'm breaking this. Rumor. Has an F fbi. I director's brother. What? Pete. Pete. Pete. He told me that. Yeah. The China on the borders. The China buying land in America. Look out. 'cause apparently China's getting ready babe. Okay.

0 (2h 21m 25s):
And the

19 (2h 21m 26s):
Rumor mill will be ready. Will you be ready? Yeah, we

0 (2h 21m 28s):
Will be. We will. We will. From what it sounds like though, from the, I did see this video in my algo yesterday a lot. There was a full testimony. Oh yeah. From the fbi. I, yeah. Person that would know information. Well, maybe

19 (2h 21m 41s):
Not a rumor.

0 (2h 21m 42s):
And Donny Don, Don being 13 hours ahead. Where are, yeah. Are you at you at who's telling you?

19 (2h 21m 46s):
Yeah. How do you guys know I'm on the planet?

0 (2h 21m 49s):
Alright, ladies and gentlemen, that was another trip to the rumor with Donny Don trying

19 (2h 21m 54s):
Say sorry for my boy flipping off. Joe Biden.

0 (2h 21m 57s):
Don. Don.

19 (2h 21m 57s):
He didn't beat it. You didn't beat it.

0 (2h 21m 59s):
Thank you. Donnie. Don,

13 (2h 22m 0s):
Don. It didn't mean it. So those were SIGs that became like a rib protector for him eventually.

0 (2h 22m 8s):
Yeah. Yeah. I, we've all seen the people that hold stuff, you know? Yep. And their shirts like this. I've never seen it in that particular fashion with that particular shirt from that particular style of human. But the, that thing was sliding quick, wasn't it? Yeah, it was. And then how about him dropping his unlit seg just for good luck. He says, I know all

3 (2h 22m 25s):
Dirt, all

0 (2h 22m 26s):
Over it all It's

3 (2h 22m 27s):
Soot.

0 (2h 22m 28s):
Yep. From that mill. So much soot. I'm trying to think is wild.

2 (2h 22m 32s):
Yeah.

3 (2h 22m 33s):
Not

0 (2h 22m 33s):
Good. I didn't like, I didn't like who was saying the information, you know? 'cause I stay outta that world as much as possible. 'cause every time somebody says something that's supposed to be like scary or negative, I just think to myself, nah. That they don't know. you know, just move on. This guy's supposed to know. So that's not great. I've

2 (2h 22m 49s):
Been, I've been connecting dots lately. Okay. All

0 (2h 22m 51s):
Right.

2 (2h 22m 52s):
Alright. Remember when the cell phones went down? Yep. Okay. Well that was obviously planned. And then this week, 9 1 1 couldn't be contacted by landlines. Okay. So they can now take out the cell phones and landlines. We weren't, we're not gonna be able to contact 9 1 1 at all while the mass invasion begins.

0 (2h 23m 7s):
All right. Okay. Are you not in a room? No. Geez Louise. Let's remember that. Although there are some, oh, how was the dump? How was the dump?

1 (2h 23m 16s):
Yeah, you dis I was one of the worst that, one of the worst dumps I've ever taken in my life. Really? Yeah. That was gross

0 (2h 23m 20s):
To thought you were disrespecting him when he got up in the middle of his answer.

1 (2h 23m 24s):
Absolutely not. I apologize for that, Tony. This was a strictly emergency situation. I understand. My

0 (2h 23m 28s):
Ties understand. It's great to see you back. We talked to a guy named Donnie. Don. Don. you know, how was he? Well, he said something at the end. It was, you know, kind of like Whoa reckless Whoa Whoa. Whoa Whoa. Whoa Whoa. Yeah. Reckless is good. He dropped his smoke. He's on leg smoke. Oh, that, that's a nightmare. Yeah.

1 (2h 23m 41s):
Every smoker's worst nightmare.

0 (2h 23m 42s):
Well, it's not lit, it's just for good luck, obviously. But yeah, we did see that happen. Yeah. That sucks for him. Yeah. Rumor mill was alive. Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was. Rumor mill was

1 (2h 23m 50s):
Alive. Can imagine on Friday.

0 (2h 23m 51s):
Oh, a lot has

1 (2h 23m 52s):
Happened. That's what day it is

2 (2h 23m 55s):
Where we're at. Yeah,

13 (2h 23m 57s):
It is. Yeah. Where we are. True. He's on Saturday.

0 (2h 24m 1s):
It is 3 37 in the morning in Tokyo right now. I guess.

2 (2h 24m 5s):
Yeah. New

1 (2h 24m 5s):
One. It would make sense if he, he'd be

13 (2h 24m 7s):
Close to China if he knows what up they're doing.

0 (2h 24m 10s):
Let's get outta here. Let's have an incredible weekend. I can't thank you all enough for allowing us to do this for a living. I mean, we just talked to a guy in the Tokyo River world.

1 (2h 24m 19s):
Yeah, he did. Yep.

2 (2h 24m 20s):
Man. Is he always in the Tokyo River world or does he travel?

0 (2h 24m 23s):
I, I think he's the same mil. I don't, I think he's always in the same. Same. That's a good question for next time. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We should ask him that. you know, I think he's open for questions. Normally he's doing the talking. Sure. What do, how you think Mad Mo and Donnie Don Don ever had a conversation? How would that go? You think

3 (2h 24m 38s):
Two peas in a pod,

0 (2h 24m 39s):
You think So

3 (2h 24m 40s):
I. I think So I. I would just assume that those guys see eye to eye on a lot of things. Socioeconomic things. Okay. Political things.

0 (2h 24m 47s):
Okay. Sure. All right. We're learning a lot every single time. And. It's an honor to be a part of. Alright, aj. Have a great weekend. Power. You gonna hit? When are you gonna link up with Wendy?

13 (2h 24m 57s):
I don't know. We're gonna have to nail down the details here soon.

0 (2h 24m 60s):
It's not in Michigan game, obviously, because Wendy's too,

13 (2h 25m 3s):
Schedule's not out yet. Right. Yeah. I gotta be alone too for that. But schedule's not out yet. I don't think. Homecoming.

0 (2h 25m 7s):
Oh yeah, there it is. There it is. Because Wendy's coming home. Home's coming

2 (2h 25m 13s):
Home.

0 (2h 25m 14s):
Tell the Buckeyes when he's

2 (2h 25m 17s):
Coming home.

0 (2h 25m 19s):
Let the rain wash away by the face of aj. Yep. Yeah. There's a way.

13 (2h 25m 30s):
Have you guys seen what Ryan Garcia's doing?

0 (2h 25m 32s):
Oh boy. Three pounds overweight. Three and a half pounds overweight. So he owes

13 (2h 25m 35s):
1.5 mil. He's giving up. Yep.

0 (2h 25m 37s):
And somebody in his camp, people saying it was, his dad was trying to tell him like, Hey, come on. We're not doing it. We are certainly overweight. Yeah. He looked ripped. Yeah,

13 (2h 25m 45s):
I think, go ahead. He's selling the fight he's making, he's getting me interested in I would. I just wanna see what happens.

0 (2h 25m 49s):
Yeah. I think we all kind of are excited about the experiment that is currently taking place. That is Ryan Garcia for selling a fight. Now if he just gets his, if he just gets knocked out 10 seconds in, everybody would be like, this was the most obvious thing of all time with how this whole thing has gone. But if he contends and wins and then afterwards says, I thought it was a good angle to sell the fight, he can do a full Oh yeah. It's a very, yeah, the fight game is so interesting. It is a very interesting thing with the whole heel baby face, psycho crazy winner. you know, like right now I have no idea what's gonna happen in the fight. No idea.

13 (2h 26m 22s):
It shows you though, like what you have to do to garner a little attention. There's so much out there. Like Yeah and it's still, yeah, there's just so much to sift through. But what he's doing, it's, yeah, it's makes me wanna watch. he wasn

0 (2h 26m 33s):
Wearing bullet professor. Yeah. His head was right there though, right? The whole time it got wide

13 (2h 26m 39s):
Open. Yeah.

0 (2h 26m 40s):
We

2 (2h 26m 40s):
Should have him on Tuesdays during the season football

0 (2h 26m 42s):
Season. Oh yeah. Alright.

4 (2h 26m 44s):
Can't believe we didn't get to see him throw that 200 mile per hour fastball at the Mets game. Yeah. What

13 (2h 26m 48s):
The hell is over? We'll see it

0 (2h 26m 49s):
Eventually. Let's, let's go on the weekend on beautiful note. We're incredibly happy for Taylor Swift and Travis Gil. We

13 (2h 26m 57s):
Can't wait to listen to,

0 (2h 26m 59s):
We're incredibly happy for hockey. Hockey is awesome. Hockey I think just got better. Yeah. With this whole sell to Utah, 20,000 people already looking to get tickets. Incredible. Good for hockey. Bad boy. NHL playoffs worth a watch. Yeah. Good for baseball. Baseball's happening. Has a lot of great characters. We just saw a moose. Yeah. Come in here. Weapon guy throws hun all the time. Yeah. Hey, good for baseball,

13 (2h 27m 21s):
Baseball.

0 (2h 27m 23s):
And for us, we are less than one week away from a draft spectacular that could be legendary and remembered for a good reason or a complete flop with Bill Belichick on the sale with us. Yep. Now there's a couple things that we do have to talk about. For instance, when we're there, if you see us and can't hear us, that's 'cause we're not allowed to give any mic, any speakers to the audience. Nope. That is very similar to what we thought was gonna take place at WW World when, for the first 15 minutes on WrestleMania Friday, none of the crowd could hear us and they were just staring at us. And the entire show is based off of crowd interaction. Right. So that would've been, you know, something. This one we know not able to hear because you see the stage is gonna be behind us.

0 (2h 28m 4s):
So we're gonna be able to, the stage is gonna be right behind us. And they're controlling the sound here. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of great people of Detroit right out here. Hell. yeah. Lot with brand new uniforms. Fans. It's a brand new lines with brand new uniforms. I do think that all blacks are pretty clean. You know, I think every athlete that has ever played would be a fan of the All Blacks. Just, Hey, what do you wanna wear tonight? All black is sweet, dark color. Sweet. Instead, You know they got the black shirt with the blue pants too.

1 (2h 28m 32s):
That

0 (2h 28m 32s):
That's an option that you could potentially wear. Yeah. They got the blue helmets here. They have some nice blue ones with some new little logos on the sleeve. I like what the lions are doing. Lions are cooking up there. They're the favorites of the NFC North. They said we need some new tre, which I, I appreciate. But the people in Detroit are gonna be amazing.

1 (2h 28m 48s):
Yeah. MCDC also said that he wanted to bring back the black jerseys in the first year. And I forget if it was the president or someone in the front office. Yeah. He said if you won the won that you win the division, they'll bring 'em

0 (2h 28m 59s):
Back and deal man. Yeah. Deal. He said, okay man.

1 (2h 29m 2s):
All right. Done deal.

0 (2h 29m 4s):
When he wasn doing up downs in training camp, that Rod guy was like, ah, we are never have to worry about them Bring

1 (2h 29m 9s):
Him. Natty these throw 'em out.

20 (2h 29m 11s):
Yeah. And the only problem with the old Black Jerseys is we did go Owen 16 with them. That's something to think about. But I do love. No, no.

0 (2h 29m 17s):
Nobody's thinking about that until you said it.

20 (2h 29m 19s):
Well I know know. I had to bring it up though. I had to.

1 (2h 29m 21s):
What? Hell I had to bring up.

20 (2h 29m 22s):
Hell, I love the new black Jersey. Nobody

1 (2h 29m 24s):
Knew that. What are we doing now?

20 (2h 29m 25s):
A lot of people knew that. But I Detroit

1 (2h 29m 26s):
You didn't wear 'em every game though, obviously.

20 (2h 29m 28s):
No, they were all alternates. But yeah, they're sick. I actually, the lions have not missed in quite some time actually.

0 (2h 29m 34s):
Hey, good for the,

2 (2h 29m 35s):
Like the numbers in lettering from this New Jersey to the last Jersey. Like a hundred times

0 (2h 29m 39s):
Better. And that's not always the case. Whenever teams roll out new uniforms, sometimes people get upset about the numbers. Yeah. Those numbers look soft. I don't want the, what's a weird number? Is this an alarm clock or is this a uniform? Like those things happen and nitpicking of every single design. Good for the alliance. The people at Detroit will be awesome. And the crowd behind us. We aren't gonna have to worry about the sound. aj, have you thought about this? The sound coming off from the stage we're gonna be directly in front of? I think so. Is that a dj? Is that a band? Do we remember what that is? Well

2 (2h 30m 7s):
They, I don't know. He's been an NFL network. Dude. It every year with them. Yeah,

1 (2h 30m 10s):
They're always right there.

0 (2h 30m 11s):
I think there's a bitch about, okay. I think Rich has bitched about

1 (2h 30m 15s):
That aspect of it, of

0 (2h 30m 16s):
Getting music blared into his ear. They're, I don't think we're as close as they have been in the past. Okay. I think we're a little bit further away. But I'm excited to see what music they play.

1 (2h 30m 27s):
Seger maybe better be hopefully their bathroom close to the stage stage. Thanks Sean. It's Detroit.

0 (2h 30m 33s):
What's that mean? Whole

1 (2h 30m 34s):
Whole city's your bathroom baby. That's not true.

20 (2h 30m 37s):
Detroit's back. It's all the way back. We just there.

1 (2h 30m 40s):
Nice there. Okay.

0 (2h 30m 41s):
Detroit's all the way

1 (2h 30m 42s):
Back. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Anyways.

20 (2h 30m 45s):
No, the only thing we gotta worry about is the weather. 'cause it could be snowing next week. We never

1 (2h 30m 49s):
Know. Oh, that's great.

0 (2h 30m 50s):
That's good. We're gonna be in tuxedos, right? Boys? Yeah,

1 (2h 30m 52s):
That's we are. God. Mine. Yes. Okay. I was gonna ask you, huh?

0 (2h 30m 56s):
I think we should,

1 (2h 30m 57s):
I dunno about bow tie. Bow

0 (2h 30m 58s):
Tie what? Tuxedo. Yeah. You got dressed that

2 (2h 31m 0s):
1 58 and Sunny. Just

4 (2h 31m 2s):
Like the pitcher. AJ low is 40. Exact same brother. Just like

0 (2h 31m 5s):
Who? Who

4 (2h 31m 5s):
The, the picture AJ's in the pitch with the suit on. Oh

1 (2h 31m 9s):
Yeah. That's a suit. That's not a tux. That's a suit. Yeah. There's a big

4 (2h 31m 11s):
Difference. Ain't the same deal.

1 (2h 31m 12s):
Oh no, there isn't. Yeah. Well

0 (2h 31m 15s):
Some of us

2 (2h 31m 15s):
Own a bunch of suits. Not everyone owns a

1 (2h 31m 17s):
Tux. True. Yeah. Big difference.

0 (2h 31m 20s):
Yeah. Are we wearing tuxes or

2 (2h 31m 21s):
Suits? Suits. Right. What is the difference? Or either neither.

0 (2h 31m 24s):
It's like one of the, there's a different color lapel.

13 (2h 31m 26s):
The lapels. The lapel. Yeah. The lapel is like shiny on a, a tux and then whatever. You just

0 (2h 31m 30s):
Take sharpies like this, shine it up, shine that thing up. Row nine come I, I'd ordered four suits slash tuxes off of Amazon two weeks before WrestleMania. Two of them fit, the other two did not. So those were the two that got worn. And I was very pumped up about it as I was shopping. Tux suit the whole, I didn't fully understand what it was. Is it really just the different, the flashiness of the, and

2 (2h 31m 55s):
The pants that normally have a

13 (2h 31m 56s):
Have line down

2 (2h 31m 57s):
Old wives tail.

0 (2h 31m 59s):
What's that?

13 (2h 32m 0s):
There's no rules anymore. Same

2 (2h 32m 2s):
Thing. And you have to wear a bumper comb.

0 (2h 32m 4s):
No

1 (2h 32m 4s):
You don't. Ber bumper. Bumper

0 (2h 32m 5s):
Batch. There are rules. Bumper combes. We're trying to make this I important feel important. Yeah. Feel gro.

13 (2h 32m 10s):
Everyone's gotta wear a bumper. Crumbs.

0 (2h 32m 12s):
TI don't think I know what a bumper comb is. Tuxedos are one with bow ties and suits, either with or without a tie. Tuxedos have satin lapels. Yeah. Which can even be from a different shade while suits lapels are made of the same fabric. Okay. So we got a little pizazz. Sure. Yeah. Little pizazz. Old eyes still added to. Yeah.

1 (2h 32m 30s):
It sounds like there's no difference whatsoever. Unless you want there to be

0 (2h 32m 35s):
Con man. Yep. To wrap up this glorious feel good Friday. Do you wanna shoot a couple w balls from really fast? Absolutely.

1 (2h 32m 41s):
Yeah.

0 (2h 32m 42s):
Absolutely. Do you wanna do it from stage or on the court?

1 (2h 32m 45s):
Ooh, I don't know. I'll do, I'll do the court.

0 (2h 32m 49s):
Yeah. Yesterday he wasn putting this W ball up a lot. It was, it's a great ball to shoot. Great ball to shoot. This is a great ball. It feels good. you know it's a, it flies true lies. Yes it does And. it splashes lad when you splash one, it is a, a full pop of the neck. Connor was doing it from one side to the other. It was really fun. It was really fun. Now it could potentially mean, I don't know what 30 winners going into. Okay. A beautiful weekend of $500 con. Man, why don't you help these people out? Why don't you tell 30 people, Hey, you know what? Have a little better weekend. Probably next weekend or the weekend after that, after we pick the winner. Sure. And then You know are able to transfer the money to you. But how about you say go into this spring and summer with an extra 500 bucks, 30 people.

0 (2h 33m 31s):
Get that opportunity of conman. Kim Barry, the W ball from one

13 (2h 33m 35s):
Side of the do

2 (2h 33m 38s):
Bonus

0 (2h 33m 38s):
Ball. Good shot. Bonus ball. Bonus ball, bonus ball, bonus ball. 30 people, $500. All the conman's gotta do is bury it one day after

13 (2h 33m 45s):
His birth. Oh, alright. All right. This, this one's in.

0 (2h 33m 50s):
This is it? Yeah. Do you wanna put this jersey on? No, no. Don't cover your birthday shirt.

2 (2h 33m 55s):
Well, I, you should put the jersey on probably.

13 (2h 33m 57s):
No, if I miss Yeah,

0 (2h 33m 59s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. She didn't sign it by the way. She got outta here before signing it. Well did, did you see

2 (2h 34m 3s):
Tim wearing the jersey last night? Just absolutely shredded.

0 (2h 34m 7s):
How about Tim McGraw in the case? Man, just

13 (2h 34m 9s):
So

0 (2h 34m 10s):
Jocked bro. The way he's, he's posture too is just like perfect. He's

13 (2h 34m 14s):
Like 50 something years old too.

0 (2h 34m 16s):
2%. Yeah. Body fat. Maybe that.

3 (2h 34m 18s):
Maybe super tan. Look how tan he is too. Look at that bell buckle. Geez. He might be the biggest Caly Clark Mark on the planet.

0 (2h 34m 26s):
What he That's a good

3 (2h 34m 27s):
Thing. No, I know. I'm just saying. He came to Iowa and did a show. Had her jersey on same deal, obviously. Looking fucking stacked. Dude,

0 (2h 34m 33s):
Look at how jacked Tim McGraw. You remember when he did that Fucking Yeah. Back. Yeah. That float up whenever somebody was talking shit.

3 (2h 34m 39s):
The fuck you say to me

0 (2h 34m 41s):
Here. Still got it. You need it. Go to the back

3 (2h 34m 46s):
Jacked.

0 (2h 34m 46s):
Yeah, that's what a

3 (2h 34m 48s):
Weapon got a wallet. You got his wallet on stage.

0 (2h 34m 51s):
You never know if something's gonna come up on a good deal. That's right. So just like Caitlyn Clark has been able to do every single step of the way. We assume she'll be able to do it for the Indiana Fever. Why don't you do it one time Here come man. And 30 people will win $500 one day after

3 (2h 35m 7s):
His day of birth. Oh, bonus ball call. Bonus ball bonus. Well,

0 (2h 35m 11s):
The good thing is if you miss by enough, you hit the wall. Yeah. You gotta go rebo. Yep. That's the difference between the stage and the enco shot. But the enco shot here, that's an NBA three right there. And he's all the way on the other side. At the foul line. Behind the foul line. This is probably half court logo. This is a logo. Three Boston, Connor, all you gotta do is make it and 30 people win. $500

3 (2h 35m 34s):
As well. Here all day.

0 (2h 35m 35s):
We're gonna be here all day. Ladies and gentlemen, this man turned

3 (2h 35m 38s):
29. Nine

0 (2h 35m 42s):
Nine. Yesterday. I put out on Twitter a post that accurately describes this human being. Just one of the greatest teammates ever created the vibe's. Immaculate, hilarious. Would do anything for anybody. Now, sometimes it's a bit much, you know, you gotta kinda hold, hey,

3 (2h 35m 60s):
Oh sure. Oh, hold the horses.

0 (2h 36m 2s):
But right now all he can do is just win 30 people $500 by making a very easy shot for him. Yeah. From one side of The ThunderDome to the other Boston Connor going into the weekend.

3 (2h 36m 15s):
Oh, oh,

0 (2h 36m 17s):
Oh. No. Bonus ball.

3 (2h 36m 18s):
That's a good shot. This wasn't meant to be.

0 (2h 36m 20s):
The sentiment remains though. He did try. Even though you weren't able to win for 30 people, you did try your absolute best. And. we appreciate that. 'cause normally you'd be throwing that ball off the wall into the hallway because you don't want the company to give money away to anybody. But instead you've turned over a new leaf. Yeah. On this trip around the sun. You say, why not have others have a great time as well?

3 (2h 36m 38s):
Sure. Absolutely. I mean, I could do an underhand shot from here, but

0 (2h 36m 42s):
Hey, Scott wants to give away.

3 (2h 36m 44s):
He does. I'm trying.

0 (2h 36m 45s):
Let's go con man. I've

3 (2h 36m 46s):
Also worked on my underhand shot for quite some time

0 (2h 36m 48s):
From here. Yeah, you've been working on it for this moment. Yeah. How many winners? One handed. How many winners do you think? Damn. 30 winners. $500. Connor with an underhanded bowling attempt from the stage.

3 (2h 37m 2s):
Oh baby. Oh, that was a much more difficult shot. That was, jeez. Yes. Wow. That was fucking tracking. You got another one? Yeah. Wow. That was tracking. There's

0 (2h 37m 11s):
No way this one, this one's tough. 30 people. $500 a bowl of a basketball. Yeah. From conman on the stage for 30 people. Holy shit. You are. You're a little dialed in right now. Oh yeah. He's got it. You're kind of throwing sliders at this thing. You good bowler?

21 (2h 37m 29s):
Is he a good bowler? I

0 (2h 37m 30s):
Don't you a good bowler. Phenomenal. You didn't. Ladies and gentlemen, if Connor can make this bowling basketball shot, 30 people will win $500 on this. Feel good. Friday, April 19th. Oh, that's way off. Alright. You gave a good go. Yeah. The first day were fucking incredible. Hey, let's make sure we listen to I love Mary. Yep. From real Pacman Jones Hell. yeah. As we get ready for April 20th tomorrow, and for those that you will celebrate, for those of you that will celebrate, let's do responsibly, but also, you know, have some good laughs. Oh yeah. Have some good food, have some good times, have some good thoughts, and enjoy everything that we have because it's easy to get caught up in negative bullshit on the day to day.

0 (2h 38m 15s):
I mean, Donnie Don, Don tried to drop some very serious stuff at the end. We don't need that. What we need to remember is we're alive. We could be dead. Let's keep enjoying every single moment. Be a friend, tell a friend something nice. It might change our life. We're in this thing together. Okay, keep on me. Have a good one, aj.

21 (2h 38m 30s):
You too.

0 (2h 38m 32s):
Team on three. 1, 2, 3. Goodbye.