0 (0s):
You know our trusted partner tire rack.com for their fast free shipping, free road hazard protection, convenient installation options, and their great selection of best hires. Like the highly consumer rated Continental Extreme contact DWS oh six plus. But did you know they sell other automotive products, wheels, brakes, suspensions, just to name a few. Go to tire rack.com/ Colin tire rack.com The way tire buying should be

1 (33s):
At and t connects an O to podcasts. Connect the alarm, change the podcast you stream. Connect the snooze. 10 more minutes to dream. Connect the shower. Lather up with the news, sports talk comedians or movie reviews. Connect with that three hour philosophy show. Change the drive into work in traffic so slow. Connect the dishes to voices that glow. Thank you to the geniuses of smoking Audio. Connect the stories, change your perspective. Connecting changes everything.

1 (1m 15s):
At and t.

2 (1m 18s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from stuff you Missed in history class. When you drive a Toyota Camry, you arrive in style with features like available all-wheel drive, plus the reliability of Toyota Safety Sense. It's no wonder Camry is the best selling car at America for over 20 years. Or check out a Corolla sedan, hybrid or hatchback. No matter your lifestyle, there's a Corolla for you and your Toyota dealer is getting new vehicles in stock almost every day. So don't wait. Find deals on a Camry or corolla@buyatoyota.com. Toyota, let's go places

1 (1m 51s):
The Volume,

0 (1m 54s):
The 82 game NBA preseason is in the books now it's time for real basketball. The playoffs don't miss out any of the playoff action And Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. And Sports book has you covered. Same game parlays live betting odds, boosts and so much more. All you have to do, download And with Draftking Sports book app. You know the drill takes about 90 seconds. Download And with Draftking Sports book app. Put in the code Colin COLI and new customers bet $5. That's it. Five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets and you get it instantly. Code is calling only at Draftking. Sportsbook The.

0 (2m 34s):
crown is yours.

3 (2m 35s):
Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 1-800-GAMBLER dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

0 (3m 20s):
LeBron James has won nine straight do or die games. Either a playing game or a game seven. If you count the in-season tournament, it's like he's won 12 straight or 13 straight. I said very early in the season because of the Lakers age and primary Playmakers, LeBron who's very old, that if it was the NCAA tournament, I think the Lakers would get to the championship game and then lose to Denver or a Boston. But in a one game setting, this is why the NBA seven game first round series is ridiculous. It punishes aging legends, which are always the ratings drivers for the NBA.

0 (4m 1s):
I mean the reason Kaitlyn Clark, one of the reasons she got numbers, this was a rematch. She went into the tournament, we knew the story they lost last year. Here they come back, they pay South Carolina. You mean 90% of Hollywood money is remix, right? So it's these aging stars, these staffs and these LeBrons Kevin Durant, they drive the ratings in the NBA. So why punish 'em with seven game first round series with no urgency. So the Lakers in the in season tournament won in their playing games with LeBron. They're three and oh and playing games with LeBron and they've won again nine straight do or die games with LeBron And the Lakers did what they do, they got to the free throw line a lot and they hit their free throws.

0 (4m 44s):
By the way, Sacramento hit their free throws Lakers at their free throws. And you're watching in these games, these playoff games as the NNBA pretty clearly tweaked and I don't mind 'em doing this at all during the regular season. The NBA said, Hey let's let 'em play. Let's, let's speed the pace of playup fewer whistles. That is a huge benefit to veteran teams that does not benefit OKC. That will not benefit young teams that will benefit the older teams. Miami in the east will probably benefit from that. Boston's been around, will benefit the Lakers, will benefit OKC won't. So the Lakers, I think the Lakers match up pretty well with the nuggets in terms of size.

0 (5m 26s):
The difference is the fourth best player on any given night for the Denver Nuggets is Michael Porter who is a high school prodigy who can absolutely knock down 28 points on any given night. Now he has championship experience and I think that's a real thing. I think once you win the championship every time I watched Denver in a big TV game and it was close, they just found ways to win. And that's I saw about a week ago they played Thet wolves close game just found a way to win. So it's that confidence of a championship team. I think they have the best starting five along with Boston and the NBA and there are players on the Lakers that can disappear at times.

0 (6m 11s):
I think Ru, he's talented, he can disappear. Anthony Davis can be hot and cold offensively LeBron depending on if his three point shot is effective. Dilo as a playoff performer has been at times awful last year at times semi effective. I kind of know what I'm getting with Denver with the Lakers. It's a lot of finger crossing with DeAngelo Russell and Anthony Davis. Two out of three playoff games will give you a really nice offensive effort but he can manage at times too. So I just, I don't see the Lakers beating Denver four times. I think they'll beat him in a game. Maybe they beat him twice, they can physically match up but you know, YOIC does not have a lot of off nights and Jamal Murray doesn't have a lot of off nights and Gordon brings that defense.

0 (6m 58s):
Virtually every game. Michael Porter can be a bit hot and cold but you know, Denver's a champion for a reason and my guess is they'll probably beat the Lakers in five, perhaps six. But you'll feel late in these games. That's where you'll see the difference where Yoic is younger than LeBron and Jamal Murray offensively is more consistent than Anthony Davis and ad gives Yoic about as much trouble as you can possibly give him and he still gets 30 points. So I just feel the consistency, the championship experience, Denver's gonna be an even tougher out this year and I imagine they extinguish the Lakers in about five or six.

0 (7m 39s):
The games will be close. The Lakers do match up with 'em. Alright, switching it up for the next couple of weeks from John Middle off to Hoops, Tonight lead guy, Jason Temp who has, we're so proud of Jason 'cause not only does he kick ass and work his butt off, but when we landed him we thought he was really good and we couldn't believe he didn't have a larger audience. And soon enough he's got a larger audience and he does a great job. Has grown a wicked mustache since he's been at the Volume as well. A confidence mustache. One of the, I push back a lot on this and I've come around. If I had an MVP vote, Jalen Brunson gets consideration.

0 (8m 19s):
Yoic could be the favorite. But I was thinking about this watching him this past week 'cause I really started zoning in to all the top teams on Luca. So statistically insane could be your MVP, arguably of all the 50 plus win teams he has the weakest roster he solved, at least for the time being the Kyrie issue and, and the mavericks of the hottest team in the league at the most significant time of the league. Right? This, we know the playoffs mean more, but the last 15 games of the regular season, you really, you can feel who's playing uphill and who's playing downhill. If you had an, if I had an MVP vote, I think I would think long and hard about Luca.

0 (9m 0s):
Let's start with that To you, who's the regular season MVP?

5 (9m 5s):
Well to your point about getting hot at the right time of the year, almost everybody I talk to that I trust about basketball, when you talk to them about their top contenders, everyone's got BOS or Denver Boston one, two. Yeah. And then the consensus is Dallas at three. That's the type of of foothold they've gained around the league. Now they're respected as a team that is considered a legitimate chance to win the title. And you're right, I, I think they do have the most limited supporting cast of the group of teams that we kind of consider seriously at the top of the league. Now the thing, MVP's tricky because typically there's a large gap in the standings between Dallas and Denver, right? It's like six games if I remember correctly. Typically when you see a team that's not in that like super high end record area of the league, like 55 plus wins, typically it's because there's not a traditional MVP candidate there for some reason.

5 (9m 56s):
Like it's a Jason Tatum that's leading one team or it's a, you know, like there, there's usually a limitation there. And so then you look below that and you find your guy who's leading a limited squad, whether it's a Russell West broker, right? It's a, or it's a Luca DCH in a case like this. The thing is, is like as much as Lucas had to deal with Jamal Murray's missed more than a fourth of the season. Yeah. And Nicole Yoki just kept them right in the mix there. Yoki in just about every major national TV game this year as clearly demonstrated. He's still the best player in the league. So for me, like even though I view Lu, I put him second, I put Lucas second, I just can't justify the gap in the standings and the fact that I think Yoka just playing at a similar level if not a touch higher anyway.

5 (10m 39s):
But I think Luca is, has a legitimate case and I think you gotta throw Shaa in there too. I think Shaa is a legitimate case as well, but I think Luca's gonna win it and I think he deserves it.

0 (10m 46s):
Yeah, and actually Luca this year

5 (10m 48s):
Or Yoic, I mean, excuse me. Yeah,

0 (10m 49s):
I think Lucas played better defense this year. If you look at the efficiency numbers on defense, his steals, he, you know, he's never gonna be a really great twitchy defender and I would argue this, I don't need him to be, listen bro, gimme 33 a night with your offensive efficiency. You know, like Steph Curry, we'll cover you somewhere. We'll have a rim protector. I don't need Luca to be a great defender. You know, when you have Gianni's athletic ability and size, then you're kind of demanding. I need the effort. I will say this about Luca that I don't know in my life, it took Kobe a few years that he was a more efficient scorer.

0 (11m 30s):
He was, he was a wild, he was like Josh Allen as a rookie quarterback. He, you knew it was there but he was wild. I don't know in my lifetime if anybody has ever walked into this league and 30 games into it, you said to yourself, and I'm maybe, maybe it was Kareem, this is before my time, right? I don't really remember when he broke in with Milwaukee. I didn't watch sports till like 72, 73, 70 won the bucks, won the title. I don't know if I've ever seen a player walk in and by the all-star break of the first year. I remember saying like, is he gonna be a top five scorer ever? Like he reminds me like obviously he's not highly vertical.

0 (12m 11s):
I don't know if he, I, I'm talking Jordan, LeBron everybody, is he maybe the greatest scorer, the most unstoppable score He gets any shot he wants every time down the floor. It's almost his girth, his lack, you know, he's, he's not D weighed when you look at him, he's at times puffy. I don't know how to describe him. He is just an automatic bucket, always gets it shots. I don't even know what his comp is. What is his comp?

5 (12m 44s):
So honestly like when it comes to his size, the guy he reminds me the most of is LeBron. And I know that they don't have a ton of similarities in their actual play style. But the main thing is, and this is actually something we're gonna talk about when we get to the Lakers, but like when you try to ball pressure big players that plays right into their advantage. Like if you get physical with me and I have a size advantage on you, I can pivot, use angles to go right around you 'cause I'm just bigger and I'm stronger. And so a lot of times like if you ball pressure Luca, he's just going right around you and getting to the basket. And so really what's kind of taken his game to the next level this year is he used to be kind of like a mediocre pull up three point shooter. Yeah he had some hot streaks against the clippers in the postseason, but for the majority of his career he was a low 30% guy on that little step back three that he likes to take, right this season he's shooting just shy of 40% on that shot.

5 (13m 35s):
He's hitting that at extremely high rate. And so you can't press him 'cause he's too big and he'll just go right around you. But if you play off of him, he almost like tricks you as just leaning back a little bit and he can get just enough separation to get that three point shot over the top of you and he's hitting it at damn near 40%. And so that's just put everybody in a bind. And so we were getting career high points per game career high assist per game career high pull up, three point shooting percentage career high pull up jump shooting percentage. Like he's just hitting these marks that he wasn't hitting early in his career in terms of scoring efficiency to match his Volume. And that's just put him in a different stratosphere as a player. Now

0 (14m 10s):
If you go look in recent years players that have his ball usage like a James Harden, it just doesn't work. You just, you do get to a point where you've played 95 games, this is a taxing league and now playoff basketball's much more physical. You play more minutes, they're all hard minutes. You know, harden could never break through. You know, I, and my takeaway is if you're gonna break through, if you're Luca, it's gonna be in the next six years, it's gonna be in your prime. It's like 23 to 29 when you can put in these insane numbers. But do you worry about that because we do have a history that like players that came into the league like Kobe had to be like they had to figure it out. Like you just can't play like this all the time when the ball usage numbers are through the roof.

6 (14m 54s):
What's up everybody? John Miko here. The NFL draft is right around the corner and if you want all the news leading up to it about your favorite team, be sure to subscribe to three and out with me. John Miko on Apple, Spotify or wherever you listen to podcasts,

0 (15m 6s):
You put it off long enough, it's time to replace your tires. Tire rack has tires that will elevate your drive touring tires for commuter comfort performance, tires for sporty handling, all terrain tires for on and off road adventure. Go to tire rack.com to get started. Not sure where to begin. Use the tire decision guide to get a personalized tire recommendation. The right tires for how, what and where you drive. Choose from the full line of Continental Tires ship fast and free to a recommended installer near you. Or choose the convenience of Mobile Tire installation. They'll bring your new tires to your home or office. Install 'em on site. Doesn't get much easier than that.

0 (15m 48s):
Go to tire rack.com/ Colin to see their continental test results, tire ratings and consumer reviews and be sure to check out all their current special offers. Great tires. Great deal. What more could you ask for? That's tirerack.com/ Colin tire rack.com The way tire buying should be. Thank you to our friends at Panini America. The official trading cards and NFTs of the 2024 Colin Cower draft coverage. Panini America delivers a premier collecting experience with the most sought after N-F-L-N-B-A, FIFA and WNBA trading cards. Whether you're chasing rookie sensations or collecting timeless legends paninis Got it.

0 (16m 31s):
Panini America is also breaking new ground in NIL featuring some of the biggest names in college sports, like all time NCAA scoring leader, Caitlyn Clark, angel Reese, and many of the upcoming NFL and NBA first round picks. If you're into cutting edge digital collectibles, don't miss paninis NFT platform@nft.paniniamerica.net with some of the first opportunities to collect this year's rookie class. Whether you're a collector of physical cards or a digital enthusiast panini has you covered, check out the most popular trading card brands like Prism, select Don Russ and more for those NFL draft fans. Get real-time trading cards after players are picked with Panini Instant cards, celebrating the biggest sports moments on cards right after they happen.

0 (17m 19s):
Visit panini america.net or download the panini direct app today. Panini America, the official trading cards and NFTs of the Colin Coward draft coverage.

7 (17m 29s):
What's up? I'm John Wall

8 (17m 30s):
And I'm CJ Toledano and we're starting a new podcast presented by DraftKings called Point Game. Everyone please welcome Coach John Calipari.

6 (17m 37s):
We're getting

7 (17m 38s):
Beat by 18, my first game in Kentucky, they're saying cows are busted. Can't coach. This is crazy. John Wall runs down the floor and makes a buzzer beater. Yep. You remember that John? I'm my first game winner ever made. Remember you say you never seen me do that.

8 (17m 53s):
Ladies and gentlemen, DeMarcus Boogie Cousins.

7 (17m 55s):
I called Bookey, I'm like, yo bro, I'm about to commit to Duke. And I hung up on him bro. I'm talking about do you want tell me how many times he called me all type of names, bro, you really sold me out. You doing this

9 (18m 8s):
Bro. I was sick. I remember that like yesterday,

7 (18m 11s):
Man, love you John Wall. Thanks coach. Love you too. You made me everything I am today. Nah, you made me, you made me. I love it.

8 (18m 19s):
Check out point game with John Wall and CJ Toledano on the iHeartRadio app. DraftKings YouTube or wherever you get your podcast.

7 (18m 25s):
It wasn't even supposed to be my job. That's

4 (18m 27s):
My goal.

0 (18m 36s):
Phoenix has been my disappointment in the league. I thought they were a team that would in, in a, in kind of a passive regular season league. I thought they'd just shoot their way to a lot of wins. And you'd have two of the three stars. Beal was hurt early in the season, much more than I knew he would be. But they have played together. There is some duplication in the offense, but it, it's years ago, I've said this before, years ago when people were saying, Katie's better than LeBron. This is when he was with the Warriors winning MVPs. And I said, you, you gotta add context to this like he's playing. It's just go hit buckets. They don't ask him to lead talk. He defended pretty well.

0 (19m 17s):
He's always been a willing defender, but I'm like, they're not asking him to do anything. He doesn't have to talk after the game, before the game. He doesn't have to be the soul of the team. He doesn't have to be the the bouncer and he didn't have to do anything. Just get, and that's what Katie does by the way. He just, he's, he's a shot maker, he's great all time. But, and I felt this with Kauai, if you ask him to be a foundational piece, a leader, the Barker in the clubhouse, I mean I, I go to the Warrior's Laker game and Draymond and they're up by 12, late is barking at players. LeBron's a coach and you watch kd and this is the difference, and I've said this with Kauai, when the culture is set and you add somebody like Kauai and KD and they just get buckets and stops.

0 (19m 59s):
They're all time players. But when you have to build something around that and 'cause Booker clearly is not overly verbal, he's a scorer. That's okay, he's a scorer. And I, and I look at this Phoenix situation and I'm like, they would be better with LeBron. This is just a guy to get a basket and this team needs more than that. They've got guys Beal and Booker that can get a basket they need, they need this reservoir of LeBron's sort of vision leadership, this foundational personality. And so I look at Phoenix and I think, yeah, I just saw points. But all the good teams in this league, there's a, there is, there's a soul Curry's a soul piece.

0 (20m 40s):
Yoki is, you don't even, you don't even have to be overly verbal, but I look at Phoenix and I say it'd be easy for me to just say, Hey, Katie's been great, but this is sort of, if you're a top eight player in the world, this is your team. And I don't care if Booker was here before. Booker wasn't winning for years and years before they brought Chris Paul in. He wasn't winning or a bad team. So I do look at Phoenix and say some of this is just on kd at times in your career you have to be more than get a bucket guy, don't you?

5 (21m 12s):
Yes. And that has been the primary issue for the sons this year. I, I wouldn't necessarily put it just on kd, but like kd, Devin Booker and Bradley Beal, all three of them, they are guys that like when they're engaged defensively can be deeply impactful. Yeah. Defenders, even Deon Booker, like Deon Booker is not the most physically gifted guard in the league, but like when I watch sons film and they're good on defense, it's usually because Booker is engaged and he's talking and he's like the communicator of the, of the defense, like calling coverages out and that, that sort of thing. Kevin Durant, like I, for the record, I am much higher on the suns than most people. Yeah. I had them, I had them fifth I think in my contender rankings coming into this postseason run and I I I specifically love them for the Denver matchup.

5 (21m 59s):
I think that IC is a big body. Yeah. That can make things tougher on Yoic than some other people. Another key part of the suns is they have the best, in my opinion, the best spread drive in kick type of team in the league. Grace and Allen on that weak side has been the best three point shooter in the league. He's great at driving closeouts because of the three star build. You constantly have Bradley beel off the ball or Katie off the ball or Devin Booker off the ball attacking with an advantage. And so they can really spread teams out. And so teams like Denver that are like load up defensive teams that always defend pick and roll three on two and kind of load up on the strong side that skip passes open and Phoenix can pick you apart there, which is a big part of how Phoenix has had success against Denver this year.

5 (22m 42s):
But to your point, they've been inconsistent there where it's like wildly, I watch 'em, I watch 'em today and they kick Minnesota's ass physically from the opening tip. I watch 'em against Denver and they kick Denver's ass physically from the opening tip and then I watch 'em against the Clippers the other night and they get punched in the mouth and they wilt and it's like, so that's been, that's been very much their identities. They've been, they they're, they're like probably the widest range between floor and ceiling of all the teams that I've seen this year because like when you watch 'em on the right night, they look like a bonafide top tier championship contender and then you watch 'em on another night and you're like, these guys aren't made of the right stuff. And so like, honestly like the truth is probably somewhere in the middle, but I thought, I thought they demonstrated a lot of grit coming back and winning in Sacramento the other night and then going into Minnesota with a chance to get outta the plan and and killing them the way that they did and in the process sparing them from a Denver matchup as well.

5 (23m 36s):
Like I I thought that was a big time win for them. I'm, I'm generally higher on Phoenix than most people, but they've there, if there is a limitation, it's just they don't quite have a ton of like physical alpha dog in them. Right. If that makes sense.

0 (23m 49s):
Over in the east, I think I think the Knicks facing either the 76 ERs or the heat. Now who are you gonna take in that play in game April 17th? Would you take Philly or Miami?

5 (23m 59s):
Man that game's gonna be so fun because both teams are gonna be playing as hard as they possibly can to avoid Boston. Right? That's the avoid, that's the avoid Boston Bull. I, so I, I think here's the thing, my like Philly's more talented but Embiid hasn't really played a good team since he come back from injury. And then Eric Spra is definitely gonna have some janky stuff to throw at him to try to make him feel uncomfortable, complete and total toss up. I give me Eric Sultra in a, in a tossup game like that.

0 (24m 24s):
So Jalen Brunson's interesting because he was a really good player with Luca. He was highly, he was effective player and then he goes to New York and he is obviously more than that. But again, when you play with a high ball usage player that's, it's understood, you know, it's like a receiver playing with a better quarterback. You can be good. Everybody can see your hands, your routes and then you play with 'em Mahomes or a, you know, a a a top quarterback and it's like, oh your numbers all go up. So we all knew Jalen Brunswick to play in the last month and a half. And I think this is a lot of pro athletics is, you know, Carl Anthony Towns got hurt for the T wolves and actually their pacing got better. Their three point shooting got better, which is not surprise 'cause they had two bigs, now you're down to one and Gold Bear's not a gifted offensive player.

0 (25m 6s):
Carl Anthony Town some times can take the air outta the ball like a lot of bigs like you, you dump it down to, so the pacing got better. So Julius Randall gets hurt for the Knicks and to me it's like when I watch him it's like, oh, they, they always feel like there is something in this league about, you know, you gotta get Julius's touches you, you gotta get certain guys their touches. You're paying 'em 24 million, 28 million. Well they don't give Julius Randall as touches and that's more touches for Jalen Brunson. And I'm sitting there watching him and I'm like, I don't know, like when I went and watched him in person, he is so much quicker than the TV gives him credit for. Like he, you cannot stay in front of him. You know, I don't care about Villanova second rounder grinder, he's not a grinder.

0 (25m 46s):
It's way more than that. He gets great looks and I kind of look at the Nicks and I think to myself in an I don't trust Milwaukee, I'm, I kind of like Philadelphia. But again, what what is mb he had 12 games. Is that what he played off the injury? I I wouldn't be shocked. I I look at the Knicks, I think in the East, A Red Hot Star, a good coach and a lot of B guys that defend and play hard. I don't know, I I don't think they'd get to the conference finals in the west. I mean hell Milwaukee's a 500 team against the West. What do you make of the, the Knicks over the next three weeks?

5 (26m 26s):
So I want to preface this by saying I love the Knicks. I think they have the best basketball character of any team in the league right now. What do you mean by that? They're super fun to watch. What that means to me is like doing the right thing on a day in, day in day out basis. All the players are engaged, everyone's bought in, everyone plays their role, their leader's a great leader, never too high, never too low. They bring consistent effort. They, they just, they do all the right things and, and and I I love that about them as a team. And there is something to be said about Julius Randall coming outta the lineup and that leading towards less of some of the ugly things we've seen from New York over the years. 'cause Julius Randall, he has a tendency like things don't go his way, misses a couple shots, he'll take defensive possessions off he'll pout.

5 (27m 6s):
Like that's, that's something Julius Randall's been known to do at times, right? So like there's been a lot of upside in

0 (27m 12s):
Regular season. He's also, he's not been a great playoff guy. He's, he's exactly really struggled

5 (27m 17s):
In Julius Randall's defense. He's had some injuries when he is gotten to the postseason and he is usually playing a little banged up. But yes, he's had a a, a really rough playoff career to this point. Here's the problem, like I I think we both agree that like the future of the Knicks fantastic probably doesn't involve Julius Randall, it doesn't to probably do something different there, but strictly within the context of this season, it's this simple, in a playoff setting, you can really throw the kitchen sink at a team that all all operates through one star and there's only so much that effort and energy and focus and basketball character can make up for. And the main stat to kind of like drive that point home is that as good as the Knicks have been this year against teams in the top 10 in point differential, they're seven and 17 and they have the 14th worst point diff point differential themselves in those matchups.

5 (28m 6s):
So like, they play really hard, they win all the games they're supposed to win and then they run into the teams that have more firepower and they lose that, that, that's pretty much the issue with the Knicks. So like I respect them, I have a ton of optimism about the future. They're super well positioned for a trade. If they wanna make a trade this summer, yeah they're in a great spot. But like do I think they're going to go on some sort of magical playoff run? Not necessarily. Okay,

0 (28m 29s):
I'll take Minnesota to beat Phoenix. I think it's a six game series. I don't really know exactly. I've, I've watched actually a lot of Phoenix and a little of Minnesota, but I do think Minnesota, they've done, they've been too consistently good to flame out in the first round. And when I watch Minnesota and maybe the analytics tell me something different, but I feel like I kind of get the same team when I watch 'em play, they're highs, lows. I kind of feel like I get effort, I get rim protection, I get ants production, I get Conley's brain power, I always feed, feel their prepared and well coached with Phoenix, there's good nights and then they trail 35 to four home to the Clippers.

0 (29m 20s):
And so I think Minnesota's a consistent team with a little bit of a ceiling. I think I take Minnesota in six, picking a paragraph,

5 (29m 28s):
I'm taking Phoenix in six. I'm really excited to watch today's game because very rarely do you get like a must win game to sample when you're prepping for a series where it's like we get to actually watch 48 minutes of the wolves and Suns going at it actually trying to win. So that's gonna be a really a really good film session tomorrow. Main thing that stands out to me though, the, the sun shot super well, they got 1.76 points per catch and shoot jump shot in that win over the wolves today. So they definitely shot really, really well. Here's why I'm low on Minnesota though. It's really simple. They are one of the worst offenses in the league when you get into late game situations because Anthony Edwards is 22 years old and nobody else on the team can really consistently generate great shots.

5 (30m 10s):
And so it's a lot of iffy decisions. It's ant settling for pull up jump shots and then weirdly enough their defense falls apart for as good of a defense as they've been. Their defense falls apart in clutch situations because of the fact that Mike Conley's on the floor, Carl Towns is on the floor. You can find entry points to get their defense in rotation. And then it doesn't matter if Rudy go bears at the rim, if he's chasing some guy off the three point line in a driving kick situation, I think the suns are gonna spread him out and get better shots. I think they'll be able to slow down Minnesota's office in the half courts. I'm picking Phoenix in six,

0 (30m 42s):
Let's go East Cleveland and Orlando. Orlando is maybe a little bit like the OKC of the west young really rising quickly. My guy Jalen Suggs is an improved player. Like a lot of people had him as a bust early last year. So Cleveland's been weird. Cleveland's going through something, I think I'd still take the calves. I don't know I that could be a seven game series. My pick in paragraph Cleveland in seven, something's wrong with them. What's your pick paragraph?

5 (31m 19s):
The these, these series are always tough to pick when everyone involved is so young and unexperienced that it's like so up in the air personnel favors Orlando. Orlando's an awesome offensive rebounding team. That is how New York beat Cleveland last year. They killed him on the offensive class. Also, Cleveland is one of the most high Volume pick and roll teams in the league. And your guy, Jalen Suggs might be the best guard defender in the league. And so Donovan Mitchell's gonna be in for a tough series with just an incredible individual defender on him. So all the personnel stuff points me towards Orlando. But Orlando is super young and Cleveland got embarrassed last year and they know what the playoffs are like now. So I expect a lot of fight from them. I'm gonna go long series in gut check.

5 (32m 2s):
I'm just gonna say magic, but we'll see after I watch some film

0 (32m 5s):
Milwaukee over Indiana, I think it's contrasting styles again, two of the three best players are Milwaukee. They'll probably get, because it's a veteran team, they'll get the veteran team whistle, a little more manipulation from a Lopez and Giannis and a Dane with the officials. It's one of these like, this will be a series Mike prediction is when it's over. Indiana will be like, you don't like us, we're a small market team. We got a job by the refs. But these older teams are pretty good. Like the Clippers will be good in these situations. I'm gonna take Milwaukee in six. What's your, what's your thought?

5 (32m 43s):
I would take Milwaukee in seven if I knew Giannis was healthy with Giannis being out. I just don't think the Bucks are a very good team and if he misses three games in this series, it's possible that Indiana could be up two one with a game at home. You know, before Giannis even comes at it comes back. So like with Giannis being out, I think the safe bet is Indiana, but if like Giannis plays and he's healthy, like I think I would probably lean slightly towards Milwaukee. I'd pick Milwaukee in seven.

0 (33m 12s):
So I, I'm, I'm, I'm really interested in a lot of the, I mean the like Milwaukee losing earliest, fascinating. Steve Ballmer, I thought when he brought Harden over, I was talking to Lawrence Frank about this. I bumped into him at dinner about a month ago and I said, I thought the Harden thing was just for the arena. I'm like, you know, he is an LA guy, Westbrooks and LA guy, Paul George quite, it's like LA guy. He's opening the new arena and I'm like, he's actually, you guys have been looking for a point guard forever. He actually lubricates things. It's in, when Kauai's like trying to generate offense, it's like, no, it's not what he does. He can do it, but it's not what he does. And the hardened thing sort of work. But you get James's weird personality again.

0 (33m 53s):
He's, he's an odd player. He is an odd quirky guy. I think much like the Bucks, if the Clippers flamed out, I think Balmer was an inpatient investor and impatient at Microsoft. Am I supposed to believe as a sports fan now? He, you know, he's, he's suddenly gonna be one of these long tarmac guys like, I think Mill, I think the Clippers lose and it's, they don't get a lot of consistent effort. You think they blow the team up?

5 (34m 25s):
I I think that's completely on the table. I mean, to put it simply Colin, we could have four veteran teams blow up this, just, just imagine some of these scenarios. Golden State loses in the plane, which by the way, golden State, even if they beat Sacramento, if the Lakers beat New Orleans, new Orleans has Golden State's number, there's a solid chance. Golden State does not get out of this playing tournament. They could be facing a total rebuild. Let's say the Lakers beat the Pelicans, but then they go to Denver and just get killed. The, you don't think the Lakers are gonna be sitting there looking in the mirror like we just got swept or the gentleman swept two years in a row. Yeah, we gotta rethink this. What if Phoenix loses to Minnesota? They just went all in on Kevin Durant, Bradley Beal and Devin Booker, and they had an iffy regular season.

5 (35m 6s):
And what if they get smacked by Minnesota, right? The Clippers, if they, if they go out in flames, that could be a problem. The bucks if they go down in flames, that could be a problem. What about Miami? What if Miami loses to Philly? And don't forget Atlanta beat Miami in a playing game last year because they couldn't rebound with them. What if like Chicago or Atlanta gets in there and knocks out Miami, Miami could be looking at this like, are we really gonna run it back with Bam and Jimmy again when like we struggle every regular season and then we just barely squeak by and upset people in the postseason. Like this could be because of how deep the field is because there are so many good teams. We're gonna have a bunch of pissed off general managers and owners this summer.

5 (35m 46s):
That's like a guarantee. It's just a question of who. There's going to be a lot of really unhappy fan bases and ownership groups this summer and it, and then all hell could break loose and we could have a bunch of trades and stuff. Should be fun.

10 (35m 59s):
The Volume.

0 (36m 0s):
Thanks so much for listening. If you've enjoyed the podcast, take a moment, rate and review. Hi, let's talk about ProPlan Sport. ProPlan Sport is advanced nutrition made to fuel strength and stamina in active dogs like yours. So wherever your next journey together takes you start it off right with the high performance fuel your dog needs to keep pushing you every step of the way. Pro plan sport. Learn more@proplansport.com.

11 (36m 33s):
Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Don't put off a good night's sleep any longer. Get a Lisa mattress today for a sound sleep tonight. Visit lisa.com/iheart. That's LEES a.com/iheart.

10 (37m 6s):
Hey guys, back at the playground again, huh? Yep. You know what? This playground could use a wine country. Heck yeah. And some waves so we could go surfing. I love that. A redwood forest would be cool. I'm in ha. Ski slopes. Let's do it. 10 or girl, go shopping. Yay. Wait. Did we just invent California? Discover why California is the ultimate playground@visitcalifornia.com.