0 (0s):
What's up? This is Boy La dva and check out my podcast conversations with UNC on the Black Effect Podcast Network each and every Tuesday. Conversations with UNC podcast feature casuals and in-depth. Talk about ebbs and flows of life and the pursuit of happiness. Unlike my work on stage, I tap into a more serious and sensitive side to give life advice and simply offer words of encouragement yet remind folks to never forget to laugh. Every Tuesday listen to Conversation with UNC hosted by Lil Duval on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast

1 (30s):
Presented by at and t connecting changes everything.

2 (35s):
Let's clear out winter and clean up the lawn with spring Black Friday savings at the Home Depot. Right now get the Rio B one plus leaf blower for just $89 and make your lawn work easier. With a powerful 90 miles an hour of clearing power and with convenient online shopping, you can order on the app, pick up in store and get outside sooner. Get your yard spring ready with the Rio B one plus leaf blower now just $89 during spring, black Friday at the Home Depot. How doers get more done.

3 (1m 7s):
This episode is brought to you by Navy Federal Credit Union and Navy Federal. It's been the mission to help the military community for over 90 years and not just help them but do everything to make sure they not only grow but flourish. That's why Navy Federal Credit Union has all kinds of great savings and investment options, like share certificates with skyhigh rates. So don't hesitate. Start growing your finances today with a variety of savings and investment options. Navy Federal Credit Union, our members are the mission savings products insured by NCUA. Investment products are not insured, not obligations of Navy Federal and may lose value

5 (1m 39s):
The Volume.

4 (1m 43s):
Alright, the NBA season is in full swing coming down the stretch. Then we move right into the playoffs in April, may and June. I can't wait. Spice things up with Draftking Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NBA right now all you have to do is put down five bucks and get $150 instantly in bonus bets. Pretty good trade off. I pay five, I get $150 North Carolina listeners do not forget. Welcome to the Party And Sports book. Now live in your state North Carolina. Download And with Draftking Sports book app takes 90 seconds. The code is Collin C-O-L-I-N, again, 90 seconds.

4 (2m 24s):
Download And Sports book app, put in Collin new customers bet five get 150 back in bonus bets instantly. That is the trade. Alright, the code is always calling The crown is yours,

7 (2m 38s):
Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 1-800-GAMBLER dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

9 (3m 17s):
What's up everybody? Welcome back to the Draymond Green Show. This is a kind of shitty podcast to do as our season came to an end a couple days ago. I know there's a bunch of questions about the future of the Warriors and the trio that is Steph Clay and myself and the 12 years we've been together and if that was the last time we've seen that, all of those questions, there's also some other stuff around the play in that's going on that we going to get into that I think is interesting.

9 (3m 58s):
But also, you know, as these series are starting to shake out, we'll also talk a couple of these series that we now know are happening. And also for those of y'all out there, make sure you go vote for the Webby award. Today is the last day, so go check that out on the Twitter, on our, on our page, Twitter, the volumes Twitter webby website, vote for the show. We need that. Appreciate you. But let's get into the game. We got Pop by the Kings one 18 to 94 on Tuesday, which end that our season. I told y'all I hate that play. They were way more physical than us. They shot the ball way better than us.

9 (4m 40s):
They dominated the game. But like it come down to one game, A-N-C-A-A tournament style and that's just it. Like you don't get it back. Like you don't get another chance. And so I hate the play in still, it's still absolutely incredible. It's, it's great. It's like the worst great thing of all times, but it, it is been exciting and you know, it didn't go well for us. My thoughts on the game before we move forward, Steph 22 on eight for 16 shooting, what that says to me is like their defense was really good. Like they, they defended us really well because Steph 22 on eight for 16 shooting mean we just didn't find him enough shot opportunities at 50%, 22 points.

9 (5m 31s):
That's a very light knife of Steph, but a ver that's an efficient night, you know? And I think he was maybe three for seven from three or something like that. And so gotta get her defense credit. Mike Brown, we know as a defensive genius, you know, Mike got all my respect, especially when it come to that side of the ball and he had them guys ready to go. Their defensive game plan was great, you know, they did a good job on everybody. Clay was over for 10 from the field. Oh for six from three by the way, some shots that we know Clay is more than capable of making and normally does make, just couldn't get one to go that night.

9 (6m 11s):
And again, one of those nights, right? Like I think Clay only didn't score a bucket in his NBA career one other time that he played in the game. And that was because he got ejected two, three minutes into the game and, and, and I also got ejected that game. But that, you know, that's, that's the only other time Clay didn't score in the game. So in saying that, that's the N season tournament, right? Like you end up in that situation and one night and they, the shots just don't fall and it's over, you know?

9 (6m 55s):
And, but like I said, their defensive game plan was great. Wigs 4, 4 11 from the field jk, six for 15 from the field and they were 18 for 39 from the three, you know, like we had a rough shooting night and like I said, you gotta get 'em some credit. They were flying around. I remember one play that stood out to me in particular. I caught the ball kind of at the elbow and Trace was diving and I kind of tried to lead him a bit to the lob and Saboni had just trapped the ball screen up top with Steph and sprinted all the way back to the rim and, and broke up the lot, you know, and like they were flying around all night and you know, they just got the better of us that night.

9 (7m 41s):
So that's what you have, you know, when you're in this playing situation. Our season overall as a whole, ironically 46 and 36, 2 more wins than we had last year when we were the six C end up Tempe different west. And you know, like I said before, we blew some games that we should have easily won. I can count maybe six, seven games on my hand, my two hands right off the top of my head that like we gave away, we gave two OKC games away, fouling at the end of the game on threes, both of them gave them away or we gave up the three to Chet and then I fouled on the three, that's two games we absolutely gave away.

9 (8m 28s):
We gave away game to the Clippers, gave away a game in Chicago, like the list goes on and on. Joker hits a almost half or shot against Denver in a game. We were up 17, that's five. And I can continue on Point is when you have those games, you have to, to close those games, the great teams close those games and that's what separate good and great teams. And so when you look at those things, you ultimately get what you deserving then you know, through everything that went on this season.

9 (9m 17s):
When you look at those things, it's unfortunate, but that's where we have to tighten up when you, we know what it takes to win a championship. We know what the things that go into it, it's a process, it's an eight month process, it's not a two month process and you have to be in that process the entire time. You skip steps in that process, you don't win. And we didn't do a great job of that this year. So that's now back to back season getting eliminated and tough, tough closeout games but far earlier than we expect, especially this one not being in the playoffs.

9 (10m 6s):
This sucks, but gotta go back to the drawing board. Retool had great exit interviews yesterday, Steve, Mike, you know, looking forward to talking about what the future of this team looks like. You can't, you, you are not allowed to make the playoffs and then think like, oh everything's just gonna stay the same. Like that's, that's not a realistic thing, especially for an organization that has experienced the success that we've now brought to this organization. You can't just think like, oh it's gonna stay the same and they're gonna just look the, I don't expect that when you're in a situation like this, all things are on the table.

9 (10m 49s):
Like you'd be crazy to go into it thinking like, oh it's not, or I'm good or like, nah, you not like until you are. So I am looking forward to having these conversations, seeing what's next, what the thoughts are. Kind of had few thoughts yesterday but kind of just on this tight 20 minute schedule where everybody's kind of getting through their exit interviews. So looking forward to having those conversations. What does that mean for the big three, the trio? All the names I've seen, I wish I had an answer for you, but what I do know is there's not one person in this organization that does not want Klay Thompson back here because I don't think there's one person around here that don't think we can't win again.

9 (11m 41s):
Now again, do you have to retool? Do you have to figure some things out? Do you need young guys to take steps? Yes, all of these things has to happen in organizations for them to continue to be successful. So yes, there are some tweaks that need to be made. Me personally, I don't think there's an overhaul that need to be made. I think there are tweaks that needs to be made and if, you know, if we can successfully make those tweaks, tweaks, I think we put our, put ourselves right back in the conversation, clay will ultimately have to make a decision and he'll go into free agency.

9 (12m 21s):
He'll see, I'm sure I know how this business goes. He'll see what's out there, he'll continue to talk to the Warriors. There will be negotiations that needs to be had. One thing I will say that I learned last year and I had never been through in my career free agency is not a fun place free agency kind of sucks. There are a couple people every now and then where free agency could be fun. But like the reality is, is free agency is like uncertainty. Like, and if there's anything all of us hate in life is uncertainty. You are always looking for certainty in whatever it is that you do.

9 (13m 4s):
Free agency is like an uncertain place. You think your market is this, you think your market is that that person over there thinks your market is this. Ultimately it boils down to what is someone willing to offer you. I can think my market is whatever I want to think it is, but until I get to the free agency table and the offers start rolling in, you don't know what your market is. So I myself absolutely hated free agency. It it was, it, it it sucks because you, you, you sit there and you go on about your life not knowing really what's next and that's no fun place to be and you're at the mercy of someone else seeing a value of something and putting a a dollar amount on it and then you figuring out what you think that dollar amount is and trying to somehow make it work.

9 (14m 1s):
And in the process feelings get hurt, relationships are broken. It's just the nature of it. It's really the shitty part of the business. So Clay will go into free agency and he will look around the market I'm sure because that's how you do these things and any negotiation that is with negotiating for toilet paper and that is with negotiating for food, whatever it is, that's just how you go about it. So he'll do that and I ultimately hope that he's back here, that we all can close this thing out together, the way we've done it, continue to chase after the things that we know are out there for us, which is winning championships, continuing to bring more success to a franchise than anyone could ever imagine besides Joe.

9 (15m 5s):
Joe definitely imagine, but nobody else imagined that is the goal. You don't have the opportunity to finish with the guys you started with often. And we have that opportunity. But like I said, ultimately I know like when we started this journey, clay was 21, clay is 34, life looks totally different at 34 than it did at 21. And so I ultimately know he has to make decisions for himself, for his life. And if there's one thing I hate is when guys like decide if free agency, they're gonna go somewhere else and then guys be mad.

9 (15m 48s):
Like they left them like, like, oh you left me, I'm upset at you. And like we're beefing now for the media. Like ain't never going to be that because I don't understand that. Like someone make a personal decision for themself, for their family, for their career and then people get mad and be like, oh, I'm mad at like, oh f him. And like that's whack to me. And so I personally want Clay to come back. We all do. But if Clay ultimately decides that he wants something else for himself, for his life, got my utmost love and support because what we've done together can never be taken away.

9 (16m 32s):
The brotherhood that we've built will not change at all. But we do want to finish. But I don't understand that corny stuff when guy's like, ah man, I'm like, ah, in, in media beefing and stuff, we don't do that over here. Travis told me after we lost, he said, yo, you going to go through like some crazy emotions, like you gonna go through like high low like, ah, I'm done. I get to spend time with my family. Like, wait, I'm supposed to be playing basketball at this time. Like, you gonna experience all, and when he said it, it was right after the game and I was just like, no. Like I didn't say it back to him, but I was just thinking to myself like you talking about like, all right, and like the the emotional rollercoaster I've been on the last two days is crazy.

9 (17m 25s):
Like, I'm here, I'm there, I'm like, oh, I'm playing this thing. I get to go to this thing. I shouldn't be going to that thing. Like what? I've been all over the place. So how I feel about the, like I don't know how I feel about being done this early, never been done this early. It's crazy. Like I, I can't, I don't know man. It's, it's, it's the, the range of emotions right now is crazy. And I'm not enjoying this at all. Playoff basketball is the most fun time of year is what I look forward to the most.

9 (18m 5s):
And to not have that experience already has me thinking personally for myself next year. Like, you coming in way better as a player. You're coming in the best shape of your life. You're doing like, it's crazy. I don't know what to feel, how to feel about this. Like when you win and you experience those pinnacles to then try to come back from that, like, I mean you, you like end up doing this after knowing those feelings and what that feel like and how that competition goes and hey man, it's the playoffs. That's when everybody watching it's crazy thing.

9 (18m 47s):
Crazy. I don't know, I I can't figure the emotions of it out man. The things that we accomplished together four NBA titles I could've never imagined winning the NBA title coming into the NBAI. It is a crazy story and man love this dude to death, brother of mine. But it's a moment like you have moments in your life that you'll never forget. And this was a moment in my life that I'll never forget. I've never been a loser in my life. I've won at every level of basketball. So to think that to that I'm coming to an organization that like lose lose lose is like to me I'm like, oh no, we gonna win.

9 (19m 32s):
Like I was that dumb to believe like, no, we're gonna, I'm gonna come, we gonna win like won 23 games a year before but we gonna win. Like I was that naive. Like I had never lost in my life. I got drafted to the Golden State Warriors and Lamar Woodley, who is one of my OGs, big brother mine from Saginaw, Michigan, Pittsburgh, Steeler legend Super Bowl champion, he always had a camp every year back in Saginaw in the summer. And Marshawn Lynch always came to the camp.

9 (20m 13s):
Marshawn loves Saginaw. I'm sure it reminds him of Oakland, but like I got nothing but love for Marshawn, big brother of mine, but I'll never forget this moment. And Lamar was like, we were standing in the parking lot of Stardust lanes in Saginaw. Lamar was like, yo, he got, he just got drafted to to the Warriors like he gonna be in Oakland. And Mawn was like, ha ha ha, y'all suck. Like the Warriors don't never win, like y'all suck. And I was like, yeah that's going to change like that. Like we suck. Like me sucking like nah that's changing. Like I, I don't ever suck.

9 (20m 54s):
That's going to change. And to like, like I'll never forget that and that that story is less about Marshawn but just more about what the Warriors were. And so to come outta college and like get drafted to that organization and to think 12 years later won four titles with the same guys, six finals appearances with the same guys won 73 games with the same guys Harley ever lost, we lost three playoff series fully healthy and 11 years. That's crazy.

9 (21m 35s):
Like to accomplish that. Like the common, the common thought of this organization was what Marshawn said, the laughing stock of the NBA for sure, for sure. Laughing stock of the NBA and to think that we've done all of this together, change the way basketball is played together, change the way championships are viewed these days. You got guys, you got guys in the NBA talking about getting winning championships. Like that was never the thing.

9 (22m 15s):
Like I've seen guys like half career nights and like after the career night like yeah but we need to win a championship. Like bro that's a career night in the regular season. Like that was never the conversation. But because of what we've accomplished and made it look like it's supposed to be done that way and made it look so easy, everybody think like, oh now you just gonna win a championship and then players get like devalued because they don't win a championship because that's the standard. But the reality is like we did it on a level as good as anybody that's ever done it. And by the way, to Steph's point, which I love these moments because they never seem to not come true right after the game in the King's locker room, I said, I love you bro.

9 (23m 2s):
It's like I love you too. We ain't done

10 (23m 4s):
What's up? I'm John Wall and

11 (23m 6s):
I'm CJ Toledano and we're starting a new podcast presented by DraftKings called Point Game Everyone please welcome coach John Calipari. We're getting

12 (23m 14s):
Beat by 18, my first game in Kentucky. They're saying cows are busted. Can't coach. This is crazy. John Wall runs down the floor and makes a buzzer beater. Yep. You remember that

10 (23m 24s):
John? I'm my first game winner ever made. Remember you say you never seen me do that

11 (23m 28s):
Ladies and gentlemen, DeMarcus Boogie cousins

10 (23m 31s):
I called book, I'm like yo bro, I'm about to commit to Duke and I hung up on him bro. I'm talking about do you wanna tell me how many times he called me All type of names bro, you really sold me out. You doing this

12 (23m 44s):
Bro? I was sick.

10 (23m 45s):
I remember that like yesterday man. Love you John Wall. Thanks coach. Love you too. You made me everything I am today. Nah, you made me, you made me. I love it.

11 (23m 54s):
Check out point game with John Wall and CJ Toledano on the iHeartRadio app. DraftKings YouTube or wherever you get your podcast.

10 (24m 1s):
It wasn't even supposed to be my chance. That's my

13 (24m 6s):
Hey guys, it's Ray from the Bobby Bones Show and it's a great day to venture out in a spacious and capable Toyota SUV like a new RAV4. That's what I'm talking about. Available all-wheel drive, it can go just about anywhere. And with plenty of passenger space and cargo space, you're gonna go from morning carpool to weekend road trip without missing a beat. Plus, with available features like wireless charging and a touchscreen interface, your Toyota RAV4 is gonna keep you connected no matter where you're going. Or check out a spacious Highlander with seating up to eight. It's a hub for the family adventure. Let's go. You'll drive in comfort and style with available heated and ventilated seats in all the latest tech. And with available hybrid models, your new Highlander can save you tons on gas.

13 (24m 48s):
Right now your local Toyota dealer has more vehicles in stock, is making delivery on new vehicles almost every day. Don't wait, why wait, buy a RAV4 or Highlander today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places

2 (25m 7s):
As we wave goodbye to winter's chill. It's time to give our lawn a little love and embrace the freshness of spring. And guess what? The Home Depot's spring Black Friday sale is here to make it all a breeze. Snag the rebi one plus leaf blower for just $89 and say goodbye to tedious yard. Work with a powerful 90 miles an hour of clearing power your lawn will look spotless in a flash. And the best part, thanks to the convenience of online shopping, you can effortlessly place your order via the app cruise into the store for pickup and find yourself chilling in your freshly spruced up yard In no time. Don't let this awesome deal blow away.

2 (25m 49s):
Get your hands on the Rio B one plus leaf blower for only $89. Yeah, just $89 exclusively during spring, black Friday at the Home Depot. How doers get more done.

9 (26m 3s):
You right, got it noted. Cool. We ain't you, right? So to think that like we've done these things, I love it and we not done. So that's that. That's the end of the dub season. That's a wrap. I am extremely grateful to finish year 12 in my career. Year 12 healthy. I got so much gratitude. Like I told you, the emotions are all over the place but I can look at that and be like man, second round pick from s Saginaw, Michigan, Michigan State University getting drive to the Golden State Warriors of being labeled a tweener, which was a death sentence when Alex coming out in the draft second round pick, although I was national player of the year, I just finished year 12 in the NBAI got gray hairs now I was just looking in the mirror, I got more gray hairs coming in up top about to be full salt and pepper but I'm still in the NBA and I just finished year 12 so I got such gratitude for that.

9 (27m 9s):
So that's that. Let's talk about these play in games man. We know the king's now got the pelicans without a Zion Williamson who had 40 and 11 when he got hurt versus the Lakers having one of the best games of his young career and in the game that mattered. And I know everybody remembered the chatter around him when they played in the playin you had, he's too fat outta shape, waste of talent. Like you know, he got destroyed in that playin verse. The Lakers like embarrassed. And since then it's been a difference ion and he showed that that night and he had his team right there in one or two possession game and he had to lead the game.

9 (27m 57s):
And it's unfortunate and because he's you, you could see the growth and now you got the kings that go take on the New Orleans Pelicans without Zion. I think the key kings should win that pretty easily. No game at at that magnitude is ever easy. Like the Kings beat us pretty easily. I'm sure they didn't feel like it was that easy like it's max effort. And so take what I said with a grain of salt. But I think the kings go in, they have the experience, you know they came on the road here last year during the playoffs and won a game. Like they have the experience.

9 (28m 37s):
I think they go and win that game. Their defense is flying around the way they were flying around against us. No Zion, that's, that's Zion's 24 points or whatever he average on the floor, but that's like 50 to 55 points with his impact and people shrinking and them getting threes and pressure, he puts on a rim and the defense collapse. You get a swing swing night. That's a huge loss, huge loss. And I, they're not gonna be able to overcome that in my opinion. So that's what we're looking forward to in the west play in and on the other side in the play in, we know the Sixers beat the heat last night. We do know Jimmy Butler end up hurt at the game.

9 (29m 17s):
I think he hurt his knee earlier in the game, kind of played through it and then couldn't go anymore. We now know that Jimmy Butler has an MCL sprain and will be out several weeks marketed probably the end of the Miami heat season. Now I say that not saying that they can't necessarily win their next playing game, but more so even if they do they face the Boston Celtics and we'll get into that 'cause I got something to say about that that y'all probably going to get mad at. So let's say that for a little bit. But Joel and B last night made every play down the stretch defensively and offensively offensive rebound put Putback and won, dropped to Kelly Ure and won two big threes down the stretch walking into him taking the lead.

9 (30m 12s):
Joel who had not had a great game, actually had had a pretty tough game. So much so that on the broadcast they kept just talking about how hurt he was like, number one, let's stop doing that. He's out there, he's playing like we get it. Coming back from an injury is definitely tough. You need that ramp up. But like Joel is great and he showed that down the stretch. Regardless of how I may feel, regardless of what the circumstances are, I'm gonna make every play down the stretch that my team need because as Paul Reed said, we ain't ducking nobody but we wanted the New York Knicks.

9 (30m 54s):
We think that's the easier, we think that that's an easier team to beat. Paul Reed said it, I ain't said, but the reality is we know the reality the New York Knicks are way easier to beat than the Boston Celtics. In fact, I got the Philadelphia 76 ERs beating the New York Knicks because who gonna stop Joel? And like Joel took over every play down the stretch versus the Miami Heat. The Miami heat in which we know probably will beat the Knicks too, but that's neither here nor there. Philadelphia 76 ERs and the will now take on the New York Knicks and I got Philly for sure, nobody stopping.

9 (31m 42s):
Joelle Maxie and Jalen Brunson gonna cancel each other out. Like they both going to have great seasons. I mean great series, but they're gonna cancel each other out. And New York is not, not only do they not have Joelle and Bead, but they're also missing Julius Randall. And you know you can win regular season games. Missing Ju Julius Randall, that's all fine dandy when you playing every other night. Scouting reports aren't that great guys getting off getting to they strong hands because scouting reports ain't that great and you kind of just going game to game. This is a playoff series now and you are missing an all star and that will now show because guys that may have been getting off is gonna be a lot harder for them to get off when the scouting report is.

9 (32m 31s):
I'm playing you for seven games and we taking these things away. And so for me personally, that's why I got the Philadelphia 76 ERs winning easily. I, I mean not easily, but I thought it was very interesting that Paul Reed came out to say that because it's exactly what everybody thought. They did not want to see Boston in the first round. They don't want to see Boston in the second round. They want to meet with Boston in the conference finals and then swing for the fences if that's, if that's possible. So they avoided that and now you got the Bulls and you got the Miami Heat without Jimmy Butler. If there's any team that can go beat somebody without their star player, it is the Miami Heat that is for sure.

9 (33m 16s):
They always got guys that's just going to get off play hard. Well coached scouting report going to be great and do all of those things so the Miami Heat can compete. You know we know they sometimes take this for motivation. So I'm gonna say it here and say it here first. I got to Chicago Bulls because DeMar DeRozen is going to make every play that he needs to make to win the game. DeMar will walk, walk the ball up the court and get every shot they want, every shot that he want them to get in this game. Remember it's one game, it's not a series. He gonna walk the ball up, get every shot. Kobe white man, Kobe White was incredible last night.

9 (33m 57s):
42 points. Six seven assist. Something like that. Five six rebounds. Kobe White was incredible. I don't see that changing. Yes, the defense will be tougher. I do think that the defense will definitely be tougher versus the Miami heat for Kobe White than it was. And the rim protection will be much different than it was for Kobe White yesterday. The rim protection like Bam outta Bayou is elite rim protection. So I don't see Kobe getting to the cup like he did last night as often as frequently, but Kobe also didn't shoot the three well last night and we know he's capable of doing that so that could be activated as well.

9 (34m 43s):
But I got the, I got the Bulls taking this. You need your stars, you need your top dogs to play well in these moments and I think it's gonna be tough without Jimmy. They really need Jimmy out there. The X factor. Watch out for Jaime Hake every time Jimmy Butler did not play this year. Jaime went off. So watch out for him. It's a different stage right now. Winner go home. He's used to that NCA tournament field though. That's my X factor for the game. If mime can get off, he can get him a chance. But I got the bulls and then I holler at my dog De Mario come on over here with me in about a week.

9 (35m 23s):
When, when, when? When he get ahold of them Celtics. But what I was gonna say that I know nobody wants to hear the Celtics just dodge a bullet with Jimmy getting hurt. 'cause if Jimmy don't get hurt, they beat the Chicago Bulls no problem. And the Boston Celtic, the Miami heat has been a problem for the Boston Celtics. So Jackson got this huge smile on his face right now because he know yeah the Celtics are good. Yeah, they got a really good team and arguably the best team best chance to win a championship. I agree with all of that. But all I'm saying is with the, with Jimmy Butler the Celtics has had a tough time and no one wants to see anybody get hurt.

9 (36m 10s):
That's never, I mean I don't know about Boston fans, they different but, and you can shake your head Jackson, but you ain't grow up in Boston, Massachusetts. Them Boston fans in Boston, they are different. And I don't know what they think. I'm not just going to throw something out there on them. Maybe I will because who cares. But Jimmy Butler getting hurt that, that, that was sent from heaven. Y'all make sure y'all take that, receive the blessing. 'cause that was a godsend for the Boston Celtics.

9 (36m 51s):
The last thing Boston wanted to do was win 60 plus games and meet Jimmy Butler in the Miami Heat in the first round of the playoffs. Number one, the heart attack they would've had just by that happening. Like, that'll piss you up a little bit like that. Ah, like we got them again. That's, that's too much like, right, so Boston, y'all take that, that gift that was sent from heaven above y'all make sure y'all take advantage of that because man I would've loved to see that series. It's unfortunate. But however I am wishing Jimmy well, you know, MCLs could be tough hope, it's just that he can get back sooner rather than later regardless of this season.

9 (37m 39s):
You live that every day. So wishing Jimmy. Well that's a wrap from this episode of the Draymond Green Show. We got some playoff stuff coming y'all way. I got nothing else to do. So why not break these games down for y'all? Let y'all help, help y'all gain a better understanding of what to watch for. What adjustments could possibly be made, should be made this, that and the other from a champ. Yours truly. Till next time, that's a wrap. Peace.

14 (38m 15s):
Turns out a delightfully clean home can make for a delightful start to the day. At Mrs. Myers. Everything they make is inspired by the garden. With plant derived and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients, their cleaning products smell like a dream and work like the dickens. Leaving your home sparkly clean and your to-do list tackled in no time. Goodness, there's no better feeling than that. Mrs. Myers rooted in goodness. Visit mrs myers.com today.

15 (38m 48s):
Hey guys. Back at the playground again, huh? Yep. You know what? This playground could use a wine country. Heck yeah. And some waves so we could go surfing. Ah, love that. A redwood forest would be cool. I moon ha ski slopes. Let's do it. Tenor girl. Go shopping. Yay. Wait, did we just invent California? Discover why California is the ultimate playground@visitcalifornia.com.

16 (39m 17s):
Tired of restless nights at Lisa. We know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. For a limited time, save up to $700 off select mattresses plus two free pillows. Go to lisa.com/iheart for an additional $50 off mattresses and select goods exclusions apply. See lisa.com for more details.