0 (0s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pre-game, barbecue, while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (29s):
We are welcoming a new show to iHeart and the DraftKings YouTube channel. It is called Point Game with John Wall and CJ Toledano. It's an insider's. Look at the NBA and the culture surrounding the league every week. The five time All Star and the number one pick in the 2010 NBA draft. John Wall will give his unique perspective on the hottest topics in the league and tell the best behind the scenes stories from his time in the NBA. So check out point game with John Wall and CJ Toledano on the iHeartRadio app, the DraftKings YouTube channel or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Looking for an assist with your credit card but can't get ahold of anyone. Luckily with 24 7 US-based live customer service from Discover, everyone has the option to talk to a real person anytime day or night.

1 (1m 14s):
Yeah, you heard that right? You can talk to a real human in customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer if you ask us. Make the right call and get the service you deserve with discover limitations. Apply see terms at discover.com/credit card.

0 (1m 29s):
The Volume,

1 (1m 32s):
The 82 game preseason is in the books. And now it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any of the NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. And Sports book has you covered with same game parlays live betting odds, boosts and so much more. The Boston Celtics are currently the favorite at plus one 60, but the the team that's third in my championship rankings the Dallas Mavericks, you can get them on DraftKings right now at plus 1600. To win the title, download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code hoops. That's H-O-O-P-S. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly.

1 (2m 16s):
That's code hoops. H-O-O-P-S only on DraftKings The. crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit www.one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or text Hope and y to 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.

1 (2m 58s):
See d kng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

2 (3m 16s):
Alright,

1 (3m 17s):
Welcome to Hoops Tonight here at the Volume. Happy Wednesday everybody. Hope all of you guys are having an incredible week. Well we have another series preview for you guys today. After last night the Los Angeles Lakers beat the New Orleans Pelicans and so we're going to be breaking down the four game sweep in the Western Conference finals last year. The Denver Nuggets verse, the Los Angeles Lakers. You guys know the drill forward, we get started. Subscribe to our brand new YouTube channels. You don't miss any more of our videos. Follow me on Twitter at under Jason Lt so you guys don't miss any show announcements as well as the film threads that I do from time to time. Don't forget about our podcast feed wherever you get your podcasts under Hoops Tonight. And last but not least, keep following me on t or excuse me, keep believing mailbag questions in the YouTube comments so we can keep hitting, hitting some mailbag over the course of the rest of this week.

1 (3m 59s):
All right, on that note, let's talk some basketball. So the nuggets won the season series three to zero. I believe they've won eight in a row dating back to their final regular season matchup from last year. The four game sweep and then three in oh this year in terms of per possession basis this year in three games the Denver Nuggets are getting 125 points per 100 possessions and the Lakers are getting 115 points per 100 possessions. But most of that has been in the clutch in seven minutes of clutch basketball this season. And again, clutch qualifies as anything inside of five minutes inside of five points and in seven minutes of clutch basketball this season, the nuggets have outscored the Lakers 27 to 10.

1 (4m 40s):
So that's a a pretty much a beat down in that environment. Last year in the postseason in 11 minutes of clutch basketball they outscored the Lakers 28 to 13. That's basically been the bit did the difference between these two teams in that matchup the Lakers, they are capable of attacking Denver in the paint. They get a bunch of good shots, they keep the game close and then late. They just can't keep up with them in the half court and the nuggets just execute and pull away. It's a problem that that the nuggets give most teams in the league, but the Lakers in particular, it's not even one of those things where it's like, oh they get us two outta three times. No, they get them every single time and that's been the main dynamic that has swung this matchup over the course of the last couple of years.

1 (5m 20s):
Last year it was mostly the defense. They held the Lakers to a 68.4 offensive rating in crunch time during the four game sweep This year it's mostly about Denver's offense during the regular season. They're scoring 193 points per 100 clutch possessions in those three games. So that's where the difference has been. On the gambling front, the nuggets are minus three 10 to win the series. According to DraftKings, that is the biggest first round favorite so far of the five series that are set by far the Cleveland Cavaliers at minus 1 95 over the over the Orlando magic are the second biggest favorite that we have in the first round. So Vegas views Denver as a shoe in to move on.

1 (6m 2s):
The biggest difference between this series and last year is that the Lakers are much more of an offensive minded team than they were last year. To give you an idea, last year the D line of delineation was the Westbrook trade. After the Westbrook trade, the Lakers won 18 and eight. They were second best record in the league over that span. They were 14th in offense and second in defense it was a defensive minded team and they rode that to wins versus the Grizzlies and the Warriors before they ran, ran into that nuggets juggernaut. This year for me the line of delineation is January 7th and basically what it was was they completely let go of the rope after the in-season tournament and that was a game against the Clippers that kinda reengaged the Lakers.

1 (6m 43s):
And from that point on in the season they went 30 and 16. They were the fourth best record in the league over that 46th game span. And they were third in offense in 22nd in defense. So to look at that again, they were second in defense 14th in offense last year in their stretch run this year. Third in offense, 22nd in defense. So fundamentally different type of team. One little line of of optimism for Lakers fans who are worried about their defense. 'cause I, I do think the Lakers are a little bit better defensively than their numbers show. They have a 1 0 4 defensive rating in their last 10 games with Anthony Davis on the floor, which is very good. And you saw the high level defense that they showed versus the pelicans for stretches that's trending in the right direction.

1 (7m 25s):
But even though to to to kind of like tie it all together, I do think the Lakers are a little better than they were last year. And so from that standpoint, I I would be shocked if Denver swept them. I we can, we could skip ahead to the end here. I'm going to be picking Denver to win the series. Everybody should, even if you think the Lakers have a chance to win the series, it is the unlikely scenario compared to Denver holding serve and moving on. So I, I don't, I, I would be surprised if I saw anybody legitimately saying they thought the the Lakers were likely to win the series. I'm picking Denver that said, I don't think they're just gonna run rough shot over them the way that they did last year. I think it will be a longer series and that is the main reason why I just think it's better Laker team LeBron's better.

1 (8m 7s):
The offense is way better. We'll get into some of the details here in just a minute. So let's start with the Lakers on offense third in offense. Over the last 46 games, like I mentioned how it's a relentless paint attack in Deadly three point shooting. The Lakers are second in points in the paint per 100 possessions since January 7th. They've been second for the entire season really, but they're also shooting much better. That's been the main thing that kind of pushed them over the top. They're shooting 39.6% from three in that 46 game span. Second best mark in the league behind the Boston Celtics who I think are at 39.9%. So they're both right there around 40%. The Lakers have been one of the best three point shooting teams in the league. Just imagine five outsets guys rolling and cutting towards the paint.

1 (8m 48s):
Tons of shooting on the perimeter. Everybody in the lineup except for Anthony. Davis is a knockdown three point shooter. Rui Hotjar is a knockdown three point shooter. LeBron James is a knockdown three point shooter, so is dlo, so is Austin. And so that kind of is the foundation of what makes the offense work. Screening and rolling and cutting, knocking down shots when the defense reacts and, and they're really good at playing advantage basketball, typically what they'll do is they'll run some kind of horn set, usually some kind of three man action around the top of the key, whether it's a double drag or whether it's a screen to screener type of action. You guys will see some examples when we get into our film session here, but they'll run some sort of three man action to get an advantage once they get their advantage from there they just play advantage basketball and like LeBron can attack closeouts where Atch can attack closeouts.

1 (9m 33s):
Austin and Dlo can attack closeouts and obviously Anthony Davis cleans up everything around the basket. He is also first in the NBA this year in Second Chance points. That's where he gets a lot of his damage. They get the defensive rotation ad will clean up messes at the rim when guys miss shots. So matchups that I'm expecting with the Lakers on the ball. Lakers on the offensive end. KCP will guard DeAngelo Russell to start the series. Jamal Murray will guard Austin Reeves, Michael Porter Jr will guard Rucha. Aaron Gordon will guard LeBron James and Nicole Yoic will guard Anthony Davis. Let's go through some of these specific matchups. So, so KCP is there's a reason why the why they're most likely gonna put KCP on D'Angelo Russell. I do think Austin Reeves is a better all around basketball player than DeAngelo Russell.

1 (10m 17s):
He's a substantially better defensive player and a really good connective piece on the offensive end of the floor. But Dlo does have a higher offensive ceiling. He is a better shooter who can get hotter and he is a better kind of like playmaker and pick and roll And so you can do more damage to the Lakers offense on the front end by putting your best perimeter DA defender on D'Angelo Russell. That's why I think they'll put KCP on him. So the Jamal Murray on on Austin Reeves matchup is gonna be key 'cause last year one of the big swing factors was the Lakers ended up playing a lot of Dennis Schroeder especially because dlo was playing like crap and because they were trying to find somebody that could reasonably guard Jamal Murray. And so the Lakers had a lot of success with Austin LeBron two-man game last year.

1 (10m 57s):
And then basically what they did is they switched Jamal Murray off of Austin and put him onto Dennis Schroeder 'cause Dennis is not as good of a movement shooter or off ball player and they were able to kind of get by with it. So one of the key parts of this series is going to be can the Lakers keep Austin and Dlo on the floor because if they can keep Austin and Dlo on the floor then they can run their Austin LeBron two-man game or dlo LeBron two-Man game depending on who Jamal Murray is, is guarding and keep Jamal Murray engaged defensively. You guys will see when we get to the film, one of the biggest things the nuggets will do is basically tuck Jamal Murray on the worst offensive player on the other team and try to buy him as much rest during the game as possible. During the latest matchup that they had in March down the stretch the Lakers went with Cam reddish.

1 (11m 39s):
Something that I got I hope we do not see in this series because he can't guard Jamal Murray and he just nukes their offense. But Jamal Murray was guarding Cam Redd and literally just standing around and watching stuff happen while the other guys played offense and so big shock he had the leg strength to rise up and make shots on the other ends of the end of the floor. So one of the key matchups of this series is gonna be can Austin Reeves and D'Angelo Russell remain on the floor together so that Jamal Murray has to guard a good offensive player. If Jamal Murray has to guard a good offensive player, the Laker offense will have more resiliency in terms of holding up over the course of the series. Specifically the Jamal Murray on Austin Reeves dynamic, which is where this series will start.

1 (12m 19s):
They last year they were doing a lot of pick and pop. So like Austin's a good movement shooter so Austin would set the screen slip to the three point line as Jamal Murray's hedging, LeBron would throw the pass to Austin, Austin would hit a three this year the guard the guard screens on LeBron are more slipping into open space. A big part of that's just the spacing provided by their five out. But you'll see Austin set screens and then slip into like the short roll area and then there he'll either score if he's a a you know open enough or he'll make reads and kind of pick them apart from there. But like as long as Jamal Murray is on Austin Reeves expect Austin Reeves to be involved in a lot of actions early and often in this series. I think honestly one of the biggest factors for Denver defensively in this series is gonna be their rotations.

1 (13m 2s):
Meaning how good and sharp they are in their closeouts chasing guys off the three point line, multiple efforts to contain multiple actions because I do think the Lakers are gonna be able to get them in rotation a lot more than they did last year. They just have a lot more offensive skill and continuity and they're just better within their offense this year. So I do think they're gonna be able to get Denver in rotation. Denver's just gonna have to do their job in rotation with their athleticism within their game plan. Funneling guys in the right direction, chasing the right guys off the line. Closing out short on the guys that you're supposed to. Guys like Gabe Vincent, guys like Anthony Davis, guys like Spencer Dinwoody for instance. Game plan discipline's gonna be big there. Aaron Gordon on LeBron, this is where these playoff matchups kind of show where Aaron Gordon's value is.

1 (13m 44s):
Like LeBron James Kail Leonard to Kevin Durant are the three best forwards in the Western conference and he matches up really well with all three of them. And then if you get out of the, the Western conference and you run into a Boston or you run into a Miami or you run into a Milwaukee and it's Jimmy or Tatum or or Giannis and 10 cuo, he matches up with those guys too. He has the strength to absorb the bully ball from those guys in the, in the length and quickness to bother the pull up shooting of those guys. I'm gonna show you a bunch of examples on film of how Aaron Gordon can like beat LeBron to spots, absorb the contact in the chest when LeBron tries to kind of dislodge him and force him into tough fade away jump shots. It's, it's just a, it's one of the few guys in the league that can like actually guard LeBron credibly well and LeBron's jump shot is gonna be key in this regard.

1 (14m 30s):
So last year in the regular season LeBron was getting 0.93 points per catch and shoot jumper 0.87 points per pull-up jumper last year in the playoffs LeBron was getting 0.96 points per catch and shoot jumper 0.67 points per pull up jumper. So he was just a bad jump shooter all season last year from the regular season all the way through the playoffs this year in the regular season LeBron was getting 1.25 points per catch and shoot jumper. He was one of the best catch and shoot guys in the league and and 0.94 points per pull up jumper which is far more respectable than the 0.67 that he was shooting last year. And so he's actually trending up on the pull up jump shot as well.

1 (15m 10s):
Post Allstar break where I personally think LeBron's playing at an extremely high level, we'll get to that in a second but since the Allstar break LeBron's getting 1.03 points per Pullup jumper too. So he is been a very efficient pullup jump shooter in that span. He's just a much better jump shooter overall than he was last year. They're going to need him to make shots in this series. LeBron is probably the biggest point of optimism for any Laker fan in this series. After the all star break, LeBron James is averaging 28 points eight rebounds in tennis assist per game on 58% from the field which is absurd and 45% from three, he's the only player in the league post deadline to be averaging at least 27 points per game on at least 50% from the field and at least 40% from three you just watched him in two do like super important games against the New Orleans Pelicans on the road just utterly dominate them.

1 (15m 59s):
I personally think he's been the third best player in the league post post Allstar break and I would pick him as the third best playoff player going into this playoff run. That is the level that LeBron is playing at right now, especially with Giannis being injured and with Kawhi Leonard being injured, I would put Yoic at one, I'd put Luca at two and I'd put LeBron James at three. That's the level he's at and he's been there for a couple of months. That is where that is where the point of optimism is, right? Because last year he was hurt and even when he wasn't hurt to start the season, he wasn't this level of player he was struggling to shoot just wasn't at the same level. LeBron is just better now than he was last year. That's crazy. It doesn't make any sense. I don't really have an explanation for you other than he just got in the gym and polished some things up and had another level of motivation but LeBron is just at a different level this year, last year obviously like with the foot injury too, it just kind of exacerbated that.

1 (16m 51s):
I thought Jamal Murray just straight up outplayed LeBron James in the playoffs last year. That is something that I don't think will happen this year. I think LeBron will outplay, Jamal Murray or at least meet him at that, that that top tier superstar level and obviously if Jamal can meet everybody there then that's, that's just part of what makes Denver so damn good, right? But I do think that LeBron outplaying Jamal would go a long way towards stretching out the series from the four game sweep that it was to something that's more competitive. Yohan ad ad just hasn't been able to score on him one-on-one in the February game, the middle game of the three games they played this year ad did get some buckets against him in the post but for the most part in their matchups it hasn't worked out well for him.

1 (17m 34s):
Ad's biggest weakness as a player is he never developed a consistent over the top shot, whether it's you know, something in the post or something in terms of a jump shot And so he's had times where he can make it but it's never been consistent and then he can't bully Nicola Yoic the way he does some of the other centers around the league league and since he's bulked up, he's not fast enough to go around him anymore so he just can't really score on him. One-on-one. So really it's gonna come down to punishing Yoki and help. That means when Yoic is in ball screens 80 has to hit his floaters and his short jump shots that he gets in pick and roll and then he is gotta attack the offensive glass effectively. Anthony Davis got 342 second chance points this year, which is the most in the NBA Rudy Gobert was second, Nicole Yoic was third.

1 (18m 14s):
So that's where Anthony Davis can be impactful offensively scoring and pick and roll and then obviously attacking the offensive glass. We are welcoming a new show to iHeart and the DraftKings YouTube channel. It is called Point Game with John Wall and CJ Toledano. It is an insider's look at the NBA and the culture surrounding the league every week. The five time all star number one pick in the 2010 NBA draft John Wall will give his unique perspective on the hottest topics in the league and tell the best behind the scenes stories from his time in the NBA. CJ will bring his a-list comedian buddies to keep it light and fire off some hoops takes. Plus John will be inviting current and former NBA players, friends and teammates to join the show as well to give their unfiltered accounts of what really goes on in the league from a player's perspective.

1 (18m 60s):
So check out point game with John Wall and CJ Toledano on the iHeartRadio app, the DraftKings YouTube channel or wherever you listen to your podcasts.

0 (19m 9s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere, like at your pre-game barbecue while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside and without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary and are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (19m 39s):
Hair thinning is not inevitable. Take control of your hair's future before it's too late with neutrophils clinically tested hair growth supplement for men Neutrophil is the number one dermatologist recommended hair growth supplement brand with over 1 million people seeing thicker, stronger and faster growing hair with less shedding neutrophils. Hair growth supplements are physician formulated using 100% drug-free ingredients. While many supplements rely solely on ingredient studies, neutrophil clinically tests final formulations to ensure their efficacy. In a clinical study, 84% of men showed improvement in their hair after six months of taking neutrophil men's hair growth supplements take the first step to visibly thicker and healthier hair for a limited time. Neutrophil is offering our listeners $10 off your first month's subscription and free shipping when you go to nut nutriful.com/men and enter the promo code hoops.

1 (20m 27s):
Find out why over 4,500 healthcare professionals and their hairstylists Recommend nutriful for healthier hair nutriful.com/sch mint spelled N-T-R-A-F-O l.com/men and then enter promo code hoops. That's H-O-O-P-S, that's nutriful.com/men promo code hoops keys for both teams for the nuggets you gotta prevent DeAngelo Russell from getting easy looks and getting confident. Last year the nuggets snatched DeAngelo Russell's heart early in the series and it fundamentally changed the entire dynamic of the series. That is something they have to do again. If they can do that again it could get ugly and then we could be looking at a sweep again 'cause the Laker offense, when dlo goes off the, the court does go down a level because of the lack of that kind of like shooting upside, right?

1 (21m 14s):
And then you just go from having five really good offensive players to four really good offensive players and a guy that you can close out short on and things aren't as effective. And so just KCP getting super physical with dlo and and getting him off to a rough start in this series I think is gonna be key. Being sharp in rotation, like I said, the Lakers are really good at getting that ball to the second side of the floor and generating closeout opportunities for their offensive players. All five of their guys can in their starting lineup can capitalize on that type of advantage. Got some guys off the bench who can do it too. So solid closeouts and contests will be key for Denver and then they have to keep Anthony Davis off the offensive glass. This is gonna be more about Michael Porter Jr.

1 (21m 55s):
And Aaron Gordon because I do think Yoic is gonna get pulled into help situations quite a bit in their pick and roll coverages. So your 2, 6, 10 guys at the three and four are just gonna have to clean up the glass on the Lakers front. Ad's gotta make shots and pick and roll. He's gonna get looks he's got, he has to knock him down. They have to win the driving kick battle. Like I said, LeBron is going to get the the ball to the opposite side of the floor where he is gonna generate those closeout situations. So Rui, dilo and Austin are gonna have to hit shots and they're gonna have to attack closeouts and hit higher level closeout shots when they get into late clock situations. Backup guard shooting, I think Spencer Dinwitty and Gabe Vincent are gonna play a little bit in this series because of needing to find somebody that can guard Jamal Murray and so those guys can go ice cold from three and struggle offensively and so getting at least one of those guys to be impactful offensively so that they can play him as an option on Jamal Murray I think is gonna be key.

1 (22m 48s):
LeBron James and Anthony Davis have to be able to score in crunch time. They are combined one for five from the field in clutch situations against the nuggets this year they were one for nine in the playoffs last year. So two for 14 from LeBron James and ad during the seven game losing streak against the nuggets when the game is within five with less than five minutes left, they have to be better than that end of story. No other way to put it. You need your stars to hit shots when Jamal Murray and Nicole Yoic are damn sure gonna hit shots on the other end of the floor. And then lastly, gotta find a way to keep Jamal engaged defensively as much as possible. A big part of what oh their issue is Jamal Murray just finds a way to rest on the defensive end and then he has the fresh likes to knock down shots.

1 (23m 28s):
That's where that key dynamic of keeping your best offensive players on the floor and holding up well enough so that you can make Jamal Merck Jamal work and then maybe just maybe he'll miss some of those shots and give yourself a better chance of pulling out a few of those clutch games. Moving to the nuggets on offense, I think Austin Reeves is gonna start on Jamal Murray DeAngelo Russell will guard Contavious, Caldwell Popeye, LeBron James will likely start on Michael Porter Jr. Based on the regular season matchups Rui Hacha will likely guard Yoic based on the regular season matchups and Anthony Davis will guard Aaron Gordon to start the series. So starting with Austin, will Austin be able to do a good enough job? Austin is playing the best defense of his career as of late. By necessity the Lakers did not bring in a point of attack defender at the deadline, at least on a starting caliber one and so Austin had no choice but to basically slot into that primary point of attack.

1 (24m 17s):
Defense role struggled with it at first but is really starting to come around as a as a decent point of attack. Defender did a really good job on CJ McCollum in the, did a really nice job on CJ McCollum in those two pelicans games. But on film from what I saw, kind of struggled to navigate Nicole Yoki ball screens. It's been an issue for him so it will be a challenge but if he can do an okay job and the Lakers can stay with their starters in crunch time again gives them their best chance to score on the other end and then kind of maintain that confidence level they need to be able to win. And again, like I mentioned before, if they have to go to a defender the Lakers instantly become way easier to guard and things just fall apart from there. Delos off, fall attentiveness.

1 (24m 58s):
This is part of why Denver's such a bad matchup for DeAngelo Russell. He's bad off the ball, especially when it comes to locking and trailing shooters and watching out for cutters and so we saw that just the other day against the Golden State Warriors when Clay Thompson lit him up. Delo just doesn't stay attentive when he is chasing guys off screens. He gets caught late and gives up too many open looks. He just has to be better end of story. It's gonna be one of the key factors of the series as I mentioned. That is another way for KCP to play D D'Angelo Russell off the floor is just on both ends of the floor. Pressure physicality, making him struggle offensively and then on the other end punishing him consistently. Denver should keep KCP involved in actions a lot early in the series to try to test DeAngelo Russell.

1 (25m 42s):
So LeBron guarding Michael Porter Jr is more about resting than it is about anything a anything else. I think this series eventually needs to tilt towards LeBron and ad guarding. Yoko and Mer. Yoko and Gordon Ru does a good job. He tries but he just, he's just not strong enough to deal with Nicole Yoki. Obviously neither is LeBron but he's stronger than Rui and can do a better job than Rui does. So like it's fine if you wanna start the series with LeBron and MMPJ and rest him as much as possible, but especially in crunch time and potentially for entire games later in the series, LeBron is going to have to take at least one of Gordon or Yoic and they're gonna have to. And also I believe in mixing up coverages just in general as a philosophy. The last two games this regular season in February and March, they almost exclusively went with Rui on Yoic and just couldn't get any stops.

1 (26m 28s):
So like I get it for innings eating but they're gonna have to be able to go to LeBron and AD as much as possible. Rui just can't guard Yoki. I've got like a half dozen clips that I'll show you guys of Yoki just easily scoring over the top of Rui Mura ad had some success blocking Yoki shots behind Rui but for the most part the coverage just hasn't worked. Keys for both teams. For the Lakers, the big thing I'm gonna be calling out on film is smart help versus dumb help. We're gonna go over that on film but again, like there are guys that you just should never help off of and then there are guys that you can help and close out short on, right? There are shots that are high priority shots that are low priority. I'll show you guys some examples of bad help and good help when we get to the film, but it's all gonna be about decision making and game plan discipline for the Laker off ball defenders.

1 (27m 13s):
LeBron and ad, like I mentioned before, are gonna have to take the Yoic assignment at some point, especially towards the end of the series Austin and Dlo. Austin has to do a credible job on Jamal on Jamal Murray to keep their best offensive lineups on the floor and dlo has to be attentive off the ball and then rebounding. Denver got an offensive rebound on 35% of their own misses in the three matchups this year. That's insane and it's been a major problem for the Lakers throughout this entire matchup. They simply have to hold up better on the defensive glass to give you guys an idea. Denver dominated 55.8 to 44.2 in rebound percentage this season last year in the playoffs it was less bad but it was still bad. 51.5 to 48.5 transition defense is gonna be a big one. Nicole Yoic is really good at identifying when the Lakers don't have good floor balance and pushing the ball up the floor.

1 (27m 57s):
Guys like LeBron and AD in particular have to sprint back in transition. Defense one of the thing for the Lakers because Yoic didn't shoot the ball as well this year. I would try a short closeout on him at the three point line just to start the series and look, if he hits a few shots you adjust but I think you have to try that just as an opportunity to see if maybe you can gain some foothold in the paint defending their their, the rest of their offense. I would again close out short on Yoic at the three point line ad help, like I'll give you an example. There's a shot that I'll show you guys that Jamal Murray hits over Austin Reeves in crunch time of their last game this year with how Yoic has been shooting the ball this year.

1 (28m 37s):
I'd rather have Yoic take a three than Jamal Murray take a short fade away that I think he's gonna make you know, over 50% of the time. And so essentially like specifically with this matchup to start the series, I try closing out short. Yes, I know Yoic is capable of making him, maybe he does, if he does, the Lakers can adjust but I think you gotta try it on the nuggets front. Again, play dlo off the floor and you'll give your defense its best chance to slow down the Lakers. So on the offensive end, keep Contavious Caldwell Popeye involved in actions both on and off the ball to test D low's, attentiveness and see if you can get the quick hook there or get to get his minutes cut down, push and transition every single time. Anthony Davis goes to the offensive glass. That's always been a big advantage for the nuggets in this matchup.

1 (29m 20s):
Attack the offensive glass as much as possible as well yourself. That's been a huge part of Denver success against the Lakers is the Lakers can't keep him off the offensive glass. And then shot making once again is gonna be key. Jamal making shots over the smaller Laker guards and then Nicole Yoic because I think the Lakers will try closing out short at him to start. Yoic has to hit those pick and pop threes. My prediction, I'm picking the nuggets in six, I think this is going I I like, I think this being a first round series makes it less likely for the Lakers to let go of the rope, right? They don't get to hang their hat on. We made it to the Western conference finals. No, if you lose this series, it's a first round exit. I think that will allow a little bit more desperation from the Lakers to try to hold up.

1 (30m 3s):
I think LeBron being better as well as an evolution of their five out offense gives the Lakers substantially more offensive firepower than they had last year. Especially LeBron is a jump shooter so I think the Lakers are gonna get a game or two off of them. To put it simply though Yo Kitchen Murray are a better duo than LeBron James and Anthony Davis in my opinion at this phase in their careers and KCP Michael Porter Jr. And Aaron Gordon are a better trio of role players than Austin Dilo and Rui Mura. So I just think the nuggets are a better team and I think they're gonna win, but the pathway for the Lakers, that little crack in the door that they can try to to force their way through gotta win game one. I think they need to give themselves a sense of belief that they can win the series.

1 (30m 46s):
I think the worst case scenario would be them getting out executed in crunch time of game one. I think if that happened it would just be too much of a gut blow for them to try to recover from. But they, I I think winning game one is key for them. And then I think they're gonna need to win every single home game in order to try to pull it out in six. I think that's their pathway, but they're gonna need unbelievable top tier superstar performances from both LeBron James and Anthony Davis. And they need, I think they need Jamal Murray to fail to reach that level. I think they need Jamal, Murray and I, I think you can do this by wearing 'em out defensively and just kind of crossing your fingers and praying he misses shots. But if Jamal Murray plays like the 16th best player in the world in this postseason instead of the eighth best player in the world in this postseason, that I think is an example of where the firepower dynamic could shift towards the Lakers, especially if ad plays well Now a lot of that is unlikely scenario, right?

1 (31m 36s):
Like I think Darvin ham needs to make necessary adjustments along the way. Do I trust Darvin ham to do that? No. Right? So like a lot of that is unlikely. But if there was a path for the Lakers, that's what it looks like. We are welcoming a new show to iHeart and the DraftKings YouTube channel. It is called Point Game with John Wall and CJ Toledano. It is an insider's look at the NBA and the culture surrounding the league every week. The five time all star number one pick in the 2010 NBA draft. John Wall will give his unique perspective on the hottest topics in the league and tell the best behind the scenes stories from his time in the NBA. CJ will bring his a-list comedian buddies to keep it light and fire off some hoops takes. Plus John will be inviting current and former NBA players, friends and teammates to join the show as well to give their unfiltered accounts of what really goes on in the league from a player's perspective.

1 (32m 26s):
So check out point game with John Wall and CJ Toledano on the iHeartRadio app, the DraftKings YouTube channel or wherever you listen to your podcasts.

0 (32m 35s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere, like at your pregame barbecue while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside and without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings variant are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (33m 5s):
Looking for an assist with your credit card but can't get ahold of anyone. Luckily with 24 7 US-based live customer service from Discover, everyone has the option to talk to a real person anytime day or night. Yeah, you heard that right? You can talk to a real human in customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer if you ask us make the right call and get the service you deserve with discover limitations. Apply see terms at discover.com/credit card. Alrighty, I have 29 clips for our film session today that we're gonna go to. Let's go ahead and get started. This is an example of the Lakers base coverage that they go to. So you're gonna see again after the ball goes up, you're gonna see Anthony Davis go to Aaron Gordon, you're gonna see Ruby Mura, guard, Nicole Yoki and you're gonna see LeBron James on Michael Porter Jr.

1 (33m 54s):
And you're gonna see an easy early example here of this kind of configuration. So again, AD is gonna be helping off of Aaron Gordon. Yoki is reading the floor here but he is just gonna get to an easy little pop shot over the top of Rui. Just never really struggled to get to his spots and make easy shots in the paint against Rui. Here's an example of Aaron Gordon's individual defense against LeBron James. Obviously there's the fade away but watch LeBron's gonna hit the jets on a little baseline move here he is gonna spin baseline and really try to overpower Gordon and watch Aaron Gordon absorb the blow. Boom absorbs the blow and forces him to turn again. Now LeBron's gonna go to his right shoulder fade. I hate the shot from LeBron. He hasn't been good at it really since the 2020.

1 (34m 36s):
Like he was good at it in like 2017 to 2020. Those were the the stretches when he was good at it. But he hasn't really been good at it since this is a shot that requires a ton of lift. He's actually shooting just 26% on right shoulder fades from the left block this season. But Aaron Gordon forces an ugly miss here in Airball. Here's an example of the Lakers base coverage actually working. So Rui does a really nice job of making Yoic spin back into Anthony Davis. This is about knowing where your help is. So here Rui has to understand Anthony Davis is on his left hand side so his main priority is he needs to cut off the baseline.

1 (35m 17s):
Now you could see Rui kind of skewing towards that baseline side, but Yoic is gonna spin baseline anyway. Look at Rui Hop way off to that baseline side that forces Yoic to pivot back and Anthony Davis is able to get there. Again, that coverage has largely not worked but that's an example of it working. Here's an example of making Jamal Murray work on defense. Now again, as we see the matchups Michael Porter Jr's guarding Rui Yoic is on Ad Gordon's on LeBron. This will be KCP on DeAngelo Russell. But also notice they're putting their best perimeter fender on dlo. That's kinda like what I was talking about earlier. That's gonna be their strategy. This is gonna end in a switch.

1 (35m 58s):
Now Rui has Jamal Murray on him and Rui just takes him immediately with a spin move along the baseline side. Again, not only is that an efficient play, but that's a way that you can make Jamal Murray work on the defensive end of the floor. And again, I don't think you can even do that unless you have five good offensive players and that's why it's gonna be so key to keep DeAngelo Russell on the floor as much as possible or at least DeAngelo Russell has to play well enough to stay on the floor as much as possible. Here's an example of smart help versus dumb help. I talked about this with the Lakers. They need to make sure that they're helping off the right guys in the right situations. So Jamal Murray is gonna be coming off of a a classic little ball screen from Yoic and he is going downhill.

1 (36m 38s):
LeBron James is there and help. LeBron is helping there with Aaron Gordon Dlo can become the low man. dlo can drop down and tag Gordon, which will force Christian Brown to shoot a three. Right? This is Michael Porter Jr. This is the one guy you don't help off of Anthony Davis digs down on Jamal. Now you've got one of the best three point shooters in the league wide open Jamal Murray makes the read. Michael Porter Jr. Knocks down the shot. So that's an example of dumb help that's help that doesn't serve any purpose and leaves the wrong guy open. Here's another example of yo Yoic scoring easily over Rui. Hacha big one here is Yoic got blocked on his last post-up attempt against Ru against Rui.

1 (37m 19s):
So now watch, he doesn't like the spacing here he is gonna clear Gordon out but he doesn't want a Anthony Davis to be able to easily get to one of his layup finishes. So instead of taking something towards the rim, he is gonna take a short fade away. This is a really high percentage shot that Anthony Davis can't really help on. That's also an example of why I think LeBron James is eventually gonna have to get into the mix. Rui Hatcher just can't really guard, just can't guard yo pitch at least not even make him slightly uncomfortable. Whereas LeBron might be able to. Here's another example of the Austin Rui two-man game. Another switch Rui settles for a jumper here, but I would like to see them just kind of go to this action a lot to make Jamal Murray guard.

1 (38m 0s):
Here's Yoic scoring over Rui again little wedge screen to get post position. Just easy gets to his footwork, knocks down that little left shoulder fade. Here's an example of where that can go wrong for Yoic. Again this is another Anthony Davis block along the back line. But watch Yoic is not taking it over the top shot. He's going towards the rim. Notice his last two where a turnaround fade away over his right shoulder turnaround hook shot over his left shoulder from distance. This is gonna be an aggressive move towards the basket and ad's gonna be able to get to it again. See he goes to the rim ad gets there. That's where that, that's where like for Yoki, just as an adjustment for him when Anthony Davis is in help, he's gonna have to take over the top shots. Alrighty, so here is another example of a help that I think Spencer Dinwoody should have thrown but didn't.

1 (38m 47s):
So this would have been smart help had Spencer did it but he did not do it. So Spencer is guarding Peyton Watson and if iffy shooter right, so Peyton Watson is gonna go stand in the corner. Spencer is the in best position to help here. Spencer and Rui are the helpers, right? Yoki is working against, Yoki is working against ad. He kind of gets ad a little bit onto his left side so he can get to a little right-handed hook. Rui probably doesn't need to help here because this is literally a 10 foot hook shot. It's one of the lower percentage ones that Yoic will take. He obviously can make it, but I'd prefer Rui to to stay home here. That said, if Rui ISS gonna help Spencer Dinwoody can't have his back turned facing towards the worst shooter on the floor.

1 (39m 29s):
That makes absolutely no sense. That is an example of not taking advantage of smart help. Dinwoody should be dropping here to help on Gordon because Peyton Watson is not in position around the rim but Gordon is. So when Yoki is in his deep drop coverage shot making is going to be key. This is an example of DeAngelo Russell hitting a little fadeaway jumper over Justin holiday in in the drop coverage. Look at how far back Yoki is. They're gonna need Austin and Delo to hit these shots. Here's an example of a cross-screen set that I really, really like from Denver and the main thing that makes this set work in my opinion is the actual floor setup.

1 (40m 14s):
Notice where everybody is. So we've got eighties guarding Gordon in the left corner right from here we have Austin Reeves guarding Reggie Jackson, we have Justin Holiday spacing to the right corner. We have Christian Brown actually setting the screen. LeBron James is actually guarding Christian Brown. He's in help at the rim here but watch as Yoic comes off of this screen ad ends up having to show, right? So because ad has to show here that leaves an easy baseline cut from Aaron Gordon. Now one of the things I'd like to see the Lakers do to counter this is have LeBron James be more active and help he kind of took this possession off.

1 (40m 54s):
That's not gonna be good enough. But I do love the configuration of the set. This is actually a perfect little freeze frame. If Rui ISS gonna chase, then 80 has to show which easily opens up the cut along the baseline side and that's definitely a lob not a shot. Here's an example of a DeAngelo Russell being inattentive off the ball defensively. So Justin holiday's just gonna come up like he's coming off of this wide, this wide pin down. But then he is gonna slip watch boom, just easy little back cut on DeAngelo Russell. He is not paying attention, gives up a dunk that's just not gonna cut it in. This matchup. Denver just makes you pay. You pay every single time you make that kind of mistake.

1 (41m 36s):
So one of the reasons why I have some optimism for the Lakers in this matchup centers around the fact that the Lakers did a bunch of stupid stuff over the course of the, of this regular season. Obviously in the matchup earlier in the year, I think it was in it was either late January or early February. DeAngelo Russell didn't play and the Lakers are just a different offensive team when DeAngelo Russell's not out there. But this one dlo was healthy and out there and the Lakers starters actually won their minutes in this game. But down the stretch of the game, the La Darvin ham went heavy into Cam reddish and Cam Reddish is one of the worst offensive players in the league and a not very good perimeter defender, but he for some reason has a reputation with Darvin ham as being a good perimeter defender.

1 (42m 17s):
Your your guess is as good as mine. But I got some footage in here just kind of demonstrating that Cam reddish is not actually capable of guarding Jamal Murray. So my hope is that we don't see Cam in this series just he is not actually staying glued, he is not bothering him, he is not pressuring him, he is not making him feel uncomfortable. That's like one of the easiest shots you'll ever see Jamal Murray take. So here these next two clips are an example of a set that the Lakers can run that I think has some success against Denver. These are double drag sets. So LeBron's gonna have the ball. This is the setup of a double drag. So we've got our shooters in the corners. These are both dead eye catch and shoot guys that you can't leave open, right?

1 (42m 58s):
Well LeBron James, our primary ball handler DeAngelo Russell is setting the first screen. Anthony Davis is setting the second screen. So what's gonna happen here is ags gonna chase over the top and Yoic is gonna be in a high drop, right? So Gordon's chasing Yoic is on high drop. That means because Gordon's on the high drop or excuse me, because Yoic is in the high drop, that means Anthony. Davis can slip behind the action. But because you've brought the size in Gordon and Yoic out here, it's smaller players on the back line. Christian Brown is gonna stay home to be ready to deal with DeAngelo Russell. So DeAngelo Russell is covered, but ad is getting tagged by Jamal, Murray and Ad just easily catches and finishes at the basket.

1 (43m 41s):
So the Lakers run it again on the very next trip down the floor and this time they switch the first screen. So here we go. Same exact action. Now notice as it's happening, Aaron Gordon is now going to allow Christian Brown to take LeBron. So Christian Brown is trying to fight through that screen. Yoic is in the high drop. Here's our high drop configuration. But instead Aaron Gordon, instead of prioritizing dlo, he prioritizes the role. Why is he prioritizing the role? Because Anthony, Davis just got a bucket there. LeBron makes the Kickout pass, DLO misses the shot, but that's a fantastic look. So double drag with dlo LeBron and ad is gonna be an action that I'd like to see the Lakers run a lot in this series.

1 (44m 23s):
Here's another example of excellent individual defense by Aaron Gordon on LeBron. This is gonna come out of one of the Lakers favorite sets, which is a little dribble pitch with LeBron on the right wing. So what they'll do is they'll have Dilo set a little pin down, but this is a just basically a dribble pitch to LeBron. And again, look at Gordon jump out there. He actually gets out there enough 'cause LeBron's been one of the best catch and shoot players in the league this year. As I said, he is up at up at like a point and a quarter per shot. So Gordon has to get out there. So look, he's caught on this screen. LeBron could catch and shoot but watch this athletic move from Gordon to close the gap. Boom, that takes away the jumper. Now LeBron is sees, sees this driving angle and is and is trying to attack it. Watch Gordon somehow recover and beat him to the spot.

1 (45m 6s):
Now he's beat him to the spot and now he's turned LeBron into the tough Fadeaway jump shot. Now again, LeBron can make that shot and he has been making that shot a lot this season. But LeBron is one of the most efficient guys around the basket. So he is turning LeBron from the more efficient version of himself into the less efficient version of himself. Here's an example of the high firepower in the Laker offense. And this is a bench group too with to and Prince and Spencer Dinwoody out there. So we're gonna get multiple actions. We get a little brush screen for Spencer Dinwoody that's gonna flow into a double screen for DeAngelo. Russell Jamal Murray does a good job in their high drop. They tag Anthony Davis. Spencer Dinwoody is not a good enough three point shooter for him to be much of a threat. Ball gets swung to to, and Prince Tor prince drives, kicks the dlo dlo swings it around to Spencers Dinwoody.

1 (45m 51s):
Now we're running another screening action. We're gonna get a low drop this time 'cause Spencer's not as good of a shooter. So multiple screening actions, a bunch of ball and player movement in Denver has defended it well. But Ball gets swung with seven seconds left of Rui Mura. Rui M has a size advantage against Peyton Watson works his way into the lane, hits a nice little fade away jump shot over his right shoulder. So again, this Laker offense is a lot more high powered than it was last year, just by the way it's configured. Every player on the roster in the core group kind of playing better than they did last year. It's a big part of why I expect them to hold up a little bit better offensively in this series.

1 (46m 31s):
Here's another example of Cam Reddi just not being able to make Jamal Murray uncomfortable little hedge and recover from dlo. So again, he's ball pressuring this time at least a little bit. But watch how easily Jamal shakes him here. And again, like I would understand like if it was Jared Vanderbilt, like let's say Jared Vanderbilt returns in this series and I reached out to my guy, Yvan Boha and asked him and he said he's still in his conditioning ramp up. So like there's no timetable necessarily for him to return. He may not even show up in this series. Jared Vanderbilt's the one guy where I'm like, oh, he might not be as good offensively, but he's actually going to be able to make Jamal Murray feel a little bit uncomfortable.

1 (47m 13s):
That is the reason why I would lean that way if he was healthy. But I mean, what's crazy with that though is even Jared Vanderbilt, as limited as he is, is a much better offensive player than Cam Reddish because of his ability to operate within the five out offense. Again, I just, I, I just like Cam Reddish good kid getting a lot better over the years, but not really a rotation. NBA player for a Good Team should not see the floor in this series. Here's an example of some dumb help from Spencer Dinwoody. So Spencer Dinwoody here is guarding Michael Porter Jr. Michael Porter Jr. Is gonna come off of a screening action on this side of the floor, but this is what's bothering me about this specific set.

1 (47m 58s):
So Yoki is setting a little back screen for Justin Holiday. Aaron Gordon's running like a fake DHO with Jamal Murray. So you've got Jamal Murray and Justin Holiday coming downhill, but you have LeBron James and Anthony Davis there in help to contain that action. Spencer Dinwoody, for some reason stunts in the lane to offer extra help. As soon as he does, Michael Porter Jr. Flashes up high and ends up getting a clean look at three as a result or clean look at a jump shot as a result. That's the type of attentiveness off the ball and avoiding the bad help that I'm talking about. Here's another example of the LeBron Austin Reeves two-man game and their ability to get downhill. So again, this is, this is coming against Justin Holiday who closed this particular game instead of Christian Brown, but I imagine this is Contavious Caldwell Popeye also, this is when the Lakers had Spencer Dinwoody and Cam Reddish on the floor, two nons shooters.

1 (48m 51s):
But just imagine this configuration in the actual game. This would be Jamal Murray, okay? This would in all likelihood be DeAngelo Russell. This would in, or excuse me, this would be DeAngelo Russell, and this would be Ru Hatcher Mur, right? So like in this case, Jamal Murray is gonna be on the ball, which means that Contavious Caldwell Pope's gonna be down here on B low. So with this action, they're not gonna wanna switch it. So they are going to chase, which is gonna open up the pocket pass. Gordon is gonna have to show, otherwise Aaron Gordon's gonna get downhill and that's gonna open up little roles to the rim for LeBron James. That's an a. Again, I really wanna see a lot of LeBron Austin two man game in this series, especially when they're with their starting group.

1 (49m 31s):
Another example of Cam Red is just not being able to guard Jamal Murray. I I, I'm sorry for picking on him. I, I just, I'm still irritated about that game in case you guys can't tell. Here's an example of Austin Reeves hitting a little rescue possession shot over over Jamal Murray. I think if Austin can do a little bit of this in this series to cancel out some of what Jamal does, that would go a long way. So again, late clock five seconds left hits a little turnaround jump shot over the top of Jamal Murray. That would be a big way for Austin to kind of minimize some of Jamal's impact.

1 (50m 11s):
Here's another example of what would probably this, I, I could go either way on this one, but I'm gonna call it bad help. So Rui getting Atti attacked by Yoic, Anthony Davis trying to to stunt Anthony Davis clearly thinks that he's gonna be able to get back in time to get to Gordon, but instead Austin Reeves abandons Justin holiday to kind of box Gordon out. When he does, there's a wide open three for Justin Holiday. Watch Anthony Davis' reaction. He's like, what are you doing? Before it even goes in, he is like, what are you doing? So like again, part of that's just the predicament that Denver puts you in. You're gonna get in some trouble there. But those are the types of smart help situations where it's like Aaron Gor or Justin Holiday's. A really good corn three point shooter, probably can't leave him there.

1 (50m 51s):
Probably have to trust Anthony Davis to try to clean that up. Here's yet another Austin Reeves, LeBron James pick and roll again in a configuration in closing time. I think you'd imagine this being a Jamal Murray actually guarding on the ball. One of the things I want you to keep an eye on on this possession watch Jamal Murray, hands on knees, hands on knees, hands are still on knees, hands are still on knees, eh, a little bit of a lunch step. Hands up. Okay. He's completely in, totally in chill mode and like when I tell you he was doing that the entire day, home stretch of the game, that's the downside of going with the defensive personnel.

1 (51m 33s):
So when I talk about how it's important for Denver to play DeAngelo Russell on the floor off the floor, that's why 'cause if they can play DeAngelo Russell off the floor, Jamal Murray can chill. If Jamal Murray can chill, then Jamal Murray will have the legs to make the shots. If you can wear 'em out a little bit, it'll be harder for him to make the shots and maybe he'll miss a few. Give yourself a better chance to win the game. But watch it one more time just to see the configuration again. Once LeBron sets the screen, it's gonna be, that will be Jamal Murray chasing over the top. Gordon is gonna be in a drop, which is gonna open up LeBron James rolls to the rim. Here is another example. This is crunch time. It's a one point game with three minutes left. I really wanted to see the Lakers go to LeBron James or Anthony Davis on Yoki at this point, but nope, they stick with their base coverage.

1 (52m 18s):
You get what you deserve if you know this is gonna happen and you know he can't handle it, like of course like what? What did you expect? Like he's been doing that all game. So like I, again, eventually in this series, LeBron and AD are gonna have to take more of the onus to guard Cole Yoic. Here's the Jamal Murray shot over Austin Reeves. So we're gonna skip down the floor again. You could see Yoki pointing. He's like, YOIC knows. He is like, this is going to Jamal. He wants Jamal to take it. They're clearing the side. He weighs everybody off. He's pointing, telling everyone to clear out here comes Now, like I talked about earlier, this is where I wanna see Anthony Davis early in the series, come down and offer double teams and basically offer late closeouts on Yoic just until he demonstrates that he can consistently knock down.

1 (53m 6s):
The three said they come with baseline help from Rui. This is honestly good defense from everybody involved. Austin Jamal hit the same move on DeAngelo Russell earlier in the game and gave up a layup here. Austin does absorb the contact and force him into a tough drifting fade away and Rui comes over and help. Now mind, mind you, Aaron Gordon's in really good offensive rebound position there, which is another reason why ad needs to come down. But this is honestly well defended. But that's a shot that j that Jamal Murray will miss more frequently if his legs are tired and you can't have his legs be tired if you have him chilling. Guarding Cam reddish on the other end of the floor. Once again, watch Jamal.

1 (53m 47s):
Murray in chill mode. Guarding Cam reddish. He's chilling, he's chilling, he's chilling. We're gonna get a LeBron ad pick and roll that LeBron rejects. He drops it off to ad Michael Porter Jr. Really nice defensive play at the rim there to block Anthony Davis. But just another example of Jamal chilling on Cam reddish. And then here just for one, one more time to add insult to injury. Watch how easily Jamal just kind of works around Cam and gets all the way down into the lane. So yeah, those are the kinds of mistakes schematically that the Lakers cannot afford, especially for Darvin ham to make. But anyway, you guys can see on film the main kind of things I'm talking about.

1 (54m 28s):
It's gonna be very important to keep the the Lakers best offensive players on the floor. For Denver. That's gonna be the battle that they need to try to win, is try to play one of the skill players off the floor to give themselves an opportunity to chill for Jamal Murray to chill, which will help improve his chances for shot making. You saw the damage on the offensive glass. You saw some of the transition stuff. You saw some of the matchups, you saw the job that Aaron Gordon can do. Again, I, I'm picking Denver to win, but I do think like the Lakers have a chance and I am expecting it to be a longer series. I think the biggest game of the series is game one. I think if the Lakers are gonna have any chance to win this series, they have to go in and win game one. We will be going live on YouTube after the final buzzer on Saturday of game one of this series. So make sure you guys head over to YouTube to see it there.

1 (55m 9s):
Hope you guys enjoyed the breakdown. The game plan as of right now is tonight we're going live after Sixers Heat. So I'll see you guys on YouTube. Then

4 (55m 41s):
The Volume,

0 (55m 45s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pre-game, barbecue, while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home an auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (56m 14s):
Looking for an assist with your credit card, but can't get ahold of anyone. Luckily with 24 7 US-based live customer service from Discover, everyone has the option to talk to a real person anytime day or night. Yeah, you heard that right? You can talk to a real human in customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer if you ask us. Make the right call and get the service you deserve with discover limitations. Apply, see terms at discover.com/credit card.

5 (56m 41s):
You've probably heard a lot about electrified vehicles lately. Well, Toyota has electrified options for every lifestyle. We've got hybrids, no plug needed. Let's go. But we also have plugin hybrids if that's your thing. Woo hoo. You can even go 100% electric in the Toyota BZ four x. With so many options for reducing carbon emissions, Toyota is electrified, diversified. Learn more about our Beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond. Zero.