0 (0s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pre-game, barbecue, while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (29s):
Looking for an assist with your credit card but can't get ahold of anyone. Luckily with 24 7 US-based live customer service from Discover, everyone has the option to talk to a real person anytime day or night. Yep. You heard that right? You can talk to a real human in customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer if you ask us. Make the right call and get the service you deserve with discover limitations. Apply, see terms at discover.com/credit card. Warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.

1 (1m 9s):
Black Buffalo products are intended for adults age 21 and older who are consumers of nicotine or tobacco. If you are an adult age 21 and older and use nicotine or tobacco, I want to tell you about Black Buffalo's Award-winning nicotine pouches. What are they made of? Cured edible green leaves, food grade ingredients, and pharmaceutical grade nicotine, no tobacco leaf or stem. So if you're 21 and older, consume nicotine or tobacco and want to join the black buffalo herd, head over to black buffalo.com to learn more. You can order nicotine pouches online and they ship directly to most states or Check out their store locator to purchase pouches at thousands of retail locations around the country. Black Buffalo tobacco alternative bold flavor, full oes.

2 (1m 54s):
The Volume,

1 (1m 58s):
The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any of the NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting Partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. Draftking Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays live betting odds, boosts and so much more. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code John new customers bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's code JOHN John only on DraftKings. The. crown is yours.

4 (2m 37s):
Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit 1-800-GAMBLER dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

1 (3m 22s):
What is going on everybody? John Cock three and Out podcast. We are less than a week away from the national football league's. Little thing they call a draft. So it's right around the corner here. And I think my plan is, I'm gonna talk to Field Yates this weekend and he'll be on the pod next week. He's gonna be on ABC's coverage. I've known him for a long time. I think I'll do a mock draft maybe Wednesday. I'll do a mock draft Wednesday and then we'll have a bunch of content on Thursday afternoon, Thursday night and for Friday draft wise. Other than that buckle up pedal the metal today.

1 (4m 4s):
I wanna the Belichick story man, it's just, it's getting pretty ugly between him and Kraft and he's gonna be like what John Gruden was for like five or six years. That's gonna be all this season with Bill Belichick and I think there are three teams in the NFC East that he is gonna get linked to constantly if, if things get weird, the messaging with the top of the draft is pretty interesting. I wanted to dive into that. Obviously the Bears in the commanders aren't exactly hiding from taking a quarterback, but the The Patriots said something today and I wonder if the owner, with all the negativity and the pressure he's getting from his local fan base, which is pissed off at him right now, forces them to take quarterback.

1 (4m 45s):
We'll, we'll dive into why. And then The Giants. Joe Shane gave a press conference today. I watched. He's, he's an impressive guy, but he had a lot of pushback on the buyer remorse and if they regret the DJ contract and I'm sorry, I was just, I'll tell the truth for him that that's what we'll do. And then of course, Fugazi, Friday, Fugazi Friday. So any, anyone that sees any Fugazi, you can always fire into my dms. Just make sure you write Fugazi Friday. It's easy for me to search in my Instagram if you write that. So anytime you see it, write that down. I will find it. I I, I've been putting it into a folder in my, once I screenshot it in my pictures, I've, I've developed a nice little system, I'm impressed with myself, not gonna lie.

1 (5m 30s):
And middle cough Mailbag, which is also my Instagram, but you can just ask questions in there at John Miko. At John Miko. It's the Instagram fire in those dms. All of our content. Subscribe to three and Out podcast. If you listen on Collin's Feed, also YouTube, all of our content is video wise. Fire up there. Yeah, man. Draft right around the corner. Me and Colin will be on a bunch next, I think next Thursday. So let's get ready, let's start it off. Start the, let's end the week off, right, but before we dive in, my friends close personal friends, I saw they had a good ad with Big Cat and PFT when I was watching, I think I was watching the golf tournament today or maybe ESPN and it came on. Love these guys.

1 (6m 10s):
They've been loyal partners. They're the official ticketing app of this podcast because you guys, 'cause you guys have hammered that promo code. John, last night my lady was like, let's, let's Go to a concert she was looking at. She's like, you see Luke Combs is coming to Glendale in like a month. I'm like, let me check Gametime started looking around, gotta figure out whether I'm gonna go Friday or Saturday, but I'm gonna use Gametime. Easy to do. Type in the venue, type in the artist, type in the team. You wanna Go to a Yankee game. You want to Go to a NBA playoff game. You wanna Go to an NHL hockey game. Hell, I don't even have an NHL team in my backyard anymore. They're going to Salt Lake City. You live in Salt Lake City, you want to go next year to watch your new hockey team do it with Gametime promo code John $20 off at checkout and these inflationary times save a little money, don't even need a thank you.

1 (7m 1s):
Just hammer that promo code, promo code. John saved $20. I do think the Belichick conversation is pretty fascinating. I I was listening to Michael Lombardi's podcast, he's been on this show before. He is fantastic. He was going off because of the situation in Atlanta and how they, you know, are run by Rich McKay who is the executor of Arthur Blank's estate. I I definitely didn't know that until like the last week. That's pretty crazy. Like I've known a few rich people in my day. Usually the people that run their estate are either a child or like a lawyer that they've had for decades.

1 (7m 41s):
I know Rich McKay has worked for the Atlanta Falcons now for almost, I think 21 years. But that's a pretty powerful thing to hold if you have any assets, let alone have the wealth that Arthur Blank possesses, he makes his, the president of his football team, the executor like that shows you the connection with Rich. So like whether the Falcon should have hired him or not. If Rich McKay does not like Bill Belichick and Bill Belichick does not like Rich McKay. Bill Belichick was never getting that job. The guy's, the executor on his fucking estate, he controls all of his money. Like if that guy was gonna have a ton of influence, which of course he does, Bill's never coming there.

1 (8m 25s):
And I, I think it's kind of played out that way obviously, but which I, I think listen, bill Belichick not being a head coach in this league right now is crazy. I'm sorry I stand by that. I don't apologize for that. I don't even think that's a crazy take. He should be a head coach if he wants to be a head coach. But one conversation that is going to happen nonstop, I mean nonstop is gonna be what team is he coaching in 2025? It's gonna be nonstop. And we already know teams that sniffed around with 'em that kept their coaches the Eagles and the Cowboys. Let's be real, the day or two days after the Cowboys got curb stomped in that playoff game, it's one thing to lose in the playoffs.

1 (9m 8s):
It's hard, right? You, you, you can lose a playoff game and be like, God, we played pretty well, happened to the Packers, happened to the Lions, right? It happened to the, the Bills played pretty well against the Chiefs. Like it happens, right? It's another thing to get Molly Wapt and embarrassed and it's worst when it's at home. And that's what happened to the, to the Cowboys. So I remember being in a sauna, which at, at my gym, which I love, I I I try to sit in the sauna like three days a week, 20, 25 minutes. You feel incredible, especially when you're a bald guy. You get right in the shower, shave your head, get an incredible shave. But there were two guys in there, I don't know them and sometimes I, I, if I'm gonna lay down, I, I take my, my headphones in there and I'm listening to a podcast or a book on tape or whatever and just kinda lay there for 25 minutes.

1 (9m 54s):
But I just went in there and we, they were talking football and they were like, when is Belichick, I'll never forget this. When is Belichick gonna be the head coach of the Cowboys? They, they don't know what I do for a living. I'm like shit, by the end of the week, I mean it felt like a lock and then they didn't do it and they're gonna be talked with the Eagles and listen by far the most prominent teams with the most tangible pressure on them to me are the Eagles and the Cowboys. The difference I'd say with the Eagles is I would say between Fangio and Kellen Moore, they're paying their two coordinators. I'd say over under eight and a half million dollars fan. Joe's probably making five, Kellen's making three or four. It's great. That's just the goal. That's what these guys make.

1 (10m 35s):
So the Eagles want this to work, they want Nick Sirianni to work and to me, if they get back into the playoffs and don't go out like chumps and win a game, like I don't think they would fire him. And the Eagles have proven to be, you know, they got rid of Doug but they had missed the playoffs. It was pretty ugly to me. If they're successful again the young players start ascending. I think they will have no problem running it back kind of with this core group. Sirianni, Kellen, Moore, Vic vjo, that's what they want. I don't necessarily believe that with the Cowboys. And listen, we all kind of mocked Mike McCarthy, rightfully so. 'cause he lied about, he had the year off, said he watched every snap and then at the press conference, like yeah I actually didn't watch every Snap watch like four games.

1 (11m 21s):
Like their roster liked the Cowboys, I'm cool. But one thing he's proven and it can't be argued, he's a good coach. He is, he wins a lot of games, won a lot of games with the Packers. He had Aaron Rogers, then he goes to Dak who's solid, but he sure as hell ain't Aaron Rogers. And they have been consistently good. They've hosted playoff games two of three years. The problem is McCarthy, the regular season means nothing. Now it's, it's irrelevant whether he wins 10, 11, 12 games. None of it matters. He's gonna be strictly judged in January. And to me he borderline has to get him to the NFC championship game, which they haven't been to in two and a half decades. I just can't imagine he's gonna be the coach next year.

1 (12m 1s):
And we already know that he's under his last year of his contract, which is borderline unheard of in the NFL. I think Coughlin did it years ago with The Giants and obviously he lost his job. So to me, if the Cowboys aren't super successful in the playoffs and let's face it based on their off season, like they've lost players because of their cap situation, they had to get rid of productive guys. They also lost their defensive coordinator who while the season ended poorly for Dan Quinn, I think we all agree Dan Quinn was a big addition to Mike McCarthy's success the last two or three years in the regular season. So do they come back to earth a little bit in the regular season? That meaning they gotta go on the road if they can't win the division, you would assume the division's a little better now that, you know, who knows Washington to be a little spicier.

1 (12m 44s):
We, we know the Eagles and them play really tough games. I I just think that makes the most sense even though people are like, oh, bill and Jerry, the power, like Bill's gonna be 74 years old. That's what I want to happen. And then let's face it, the curve ball and we'll talk, talk about The Giants and their situation a little bit later is them, Belichick became a household name for sports fans in the eighties when he was the brains behind the motivation of Parcells with The Giants. And clearly if you've ever watched the two bills that organization he has a special place for, he hates the Jets.

1 (13m 25s):
He wouldn't piss on every player on the Jets if they were on fire in his front yard. He despises that organization. But it feels like he loves The Giants. And one thing with Bill and I, I'm sure we'll see this clearly, like Pat knows we can't really ask about the craft situation. Bill probably doesn't wanna discuss that publicly, but that thing's getting really ugly. It, it really is. And even though everyone has bill's back in the Boston market, all the players bill's wired to be like double fu mode. That's how he's been with some of their big scandals, right? The Flag gate Spygate, he comes out guns blazing and I can't imagine he will do whatever it takes to be a head coach in the league next year and time.

1 (14m 14s):
Sometimes I would say shakes the negativity around him. 'cause the team wasn't very good this year. Quarterback was a joke and Mack Jones was on the team because of Belichick. But their defense was good and their kicker was terrible, which he draft. But IIII just think that I saw it forever with Gruden and I, and I was fooled. I really was. Because when Gruden interviewed forever or was like putting his hat in the ring for all those jobs, college and pro, you're like, God, I'd be all over John Gruden, John, you can get John Gruden. And then he came back and not quite what I expected. But then you look back, how successful was he the last four or five years in the NFL?

1 (14m 60s):
Not really. So I, I, I think Bill is gonna be constantly connected to these NFCE teams and that's fun. Like sometimes I think hypotheticals can get out of control. To me there's substance behind this, there's reality behind this and it's just gonna be something that we continue to talk about, especially with the Cowboys. If this season just goes a little rocky, they, they already are in a weird situation with the quarterback and what they're gonna do. Are they gonna finally extend them? Are they just gonna play it out? I don't know but I, I, I think the Cowboys to me would be the number one if I had to rank 'em. You know, if you told me all three teams have shitty years, which I guess is possible, you can have a bad team win a division seven and nine.

1 (15m 46s):
I would go cowboys Giants Eagles in the ranking of Bill Belichick landing next year. One thing that has, you know, following these top teams and the messaging coming out of them that's been pretty interesting is the Bears never wavered, right? My mom could have told you taking Caleb Williams three months ago, some people still like I'd go with Justin Fields, make it work, give them a chance. And the Bear's like, yeah we're sending them to the Steelers for a six round pick. See ya. And the conversation, even for those little radicals that wanted fields to somehow survive, we're completely muted and we all agreed like everyone knows.

1 (16m 28s):
So we don't even talk about that much. There's nothing to talk about. Honestly, the only conversation with the Bears is what they're gonna do with the ninth pick. But the messaging coming out, they don't even need the message. Caleb's taking one visit and it was a Chicago, I mean he's gonna be a Chicago bear now once you get to two, Adam Peters, I don't wanna say has been as a steadfast in terms of like the Bears left, no doubt. But he has definitely let it be known. Like yeah, we're not really open for business. We feel pretty confident at this pick now we don't exactly know who he's gonna pick. Most people and the betting odds would say Jaden Daniels, I wouldn't bet my life savings on it.

1 (17m 8s):
But when people ask me and when I ask people Jaden Daniels, Jay Daniels, everyone says Jayden Daniels. So I think it's fair to assume Jayden Daniels, I wouldn't like fall outta my chair if another name pops up next Thursday. But they're gonna pick a quarterback, right? We know that. We just don't know exactly 100% sure who it's gonna be. But the other teams have not been like that. Elliot Wolf said today, longtime executive doesn't even have the GM title. Not quite sure what the crafts are doing, honestly, not quite sure. Just name the guy the fucking gm. I don't care if it's like, well he actually has all the duties, have the balls to name him the gm. I I, I don't understand. Separate from all the stuff with Bill and the production company.

1 (17m 51s):
Why are you guys being so weird with this? You have a first time head coach. Just make Elliot Wolf the gm. Are you like giving him a year trial run? He said we're open for business. And then it kind of hit me today, if I'm the crafts Jonathan, Bob and I am getting destroyed locally, I mean destroyed. I have heard everywhere I look on the internet, Boston people, I played golf with a guy like three weeks ago from Boston. Everyone I've talked to or listened to say they, he's getting crushed because it's clear like listen, it's time to break up whatever. You don't need to like piss on the guy's grave. What do you, why are you trying to get all the, why are you doing this?

1 (18m 32s):
Well what's the easiest way to make that negativity kind of be silenced? 'cause if they trade back, it's like, oh, they added two first round picks and they got all these players, no one will care. No one gives a shit when you draft an offensive lineman until that guy becomes a star offensive lineman. But you take a quarterback, you take Drake may or you take JJ McCarthy with the third overall pick. We stop talking about how cheap the crafts are, how shitty they've handled this situation, how just what egomaniac and control freaks they've become since Bill left. We just start talking about how good is JJ McCarthy or Drake May or Jaden Daniels gonna be on their team, takes all the oxygen outta that conversation.

1 (19m 14s):
So even if Elliot Wolf wanted to trade back one, he has no equity with the franchise in terms of, you know, he's never made a pick before for them. Two, he's not even technically the general manager. And three, if you're the crafts, like take whoever you like the most at that position right there, we want you to do that. Bill might say, yeah, we're not doing that. And Bill would've traded back. Bill would've done whatever he wanted to do. Elliot Wolf can't. He just won't be allowed to. So even if the front office and the coaching staff was like, you know, given our roster, like let's take a deep breath. I don't even think it will be an option because the ownership will never allow it. 'cause it's the easiest way to have everyone stop talking about how poorly they've handled everything.

1 (20m 2s):
The, Giants, you know, rich Eisen said, I, I see all his clips on YouTube. He's got, I think he's got a radio show, TV show, not exactly sure what it is, but I, I follow his stuff on YouTube and one thing he said like less than a week, maybe a couple days after the combine, obviously he's there for a week. Calling it with DJ is that one of the main buzz scuttlebutt he had heard is how much The Giants had buyer's remorse on Daniel Jones. Which everyone's like, yeah, no shit. And Joe Shane, the day at the press conference was basically asked about that and he said none of it was true. Now, before I dive into my thoughts on this, I understand where he's sitting regardless how you actually feel.

1 (20m 48s):
Even like, you know, I I never actually wanted to sign this contract. I was forced to by the ownership, we were lukewarm on the guy even day ball. Like we, we would've been cool with letting him test free agency. John Mara forced us on my hand. He can't say that. Even if he was on board with the signing and it was like, listen, short term deal, $80 million sounds a lot to 99.9% of people NFL world couple years move on. No, no biggie, we don't really like him anymore. We'll find another quarterback we plan on trading up in this draft. He can't say that either. So he, he's in a position where he can't really tell the truth, but let me tell the truth for 'em, they 100% ownership Coach GM have buyer's remorse.

1 (21m 33s):
If they could do it over, under no circumstances would they have signed that contract. I'm actually confident enough they wouldn't have signed him to any contract. They would've just let him walk. Information changes. You can love your wife or love your girlfriend and then all of a sudden you found out she cheated on you with three different men, changes the equation. You're in business with a partner, you're all making a lot of money, you're getting paid and then you find out he's stealing your opinion of that individual changes with more information. We think differently. Like listen, they were bullish on Daniel Jones first year win some games and now he's also injured.

1 (22m 16s):
Like obviously you don't know he is gonna be injured. But sitting here today, he had a torn ACL played like shit torn ACL makes a lot of money, pretty bad combination. So this notion that they don't have buyer remorse is just a boldface lie. It's just impossible for that not to be true. And there's nothing wrong. We all make poor decisions. All of us. I know I own a stock right now, it's an ETF cling energy ETF I've invested well over a hundred grand into it right now. When I open up my account, it says about $40,000. Now ultimately, big picture, I I, I still believe in the space, but do I regret investing my money into that stock?

1 (23m 1s):
Of course I do. I would much rather have put it into Netflix or put it into just anything else but that even if I like still and I have more belief in that situation than I'm sure The Giants do. But why do I, I I believed in it two years ago when it was working and going up. Things change. I i I never understand people who are so beholden to the way they thought a year ago, three years ago, eight years ago. It's like, it's 2024 April 18th, I'm recording this. We have the information up to this point. You might feel some way right now. Well April 18th, 2027, if things dramatically change about whatever you're thinking about, you're probably not gonna think that way anymore.

1 (23m 48s):
I hope you wouldn't. 'cause if you still did, you'd probably have some issues. You know, people ask me all the time like, what are your career goals? Do you wanna be on television? I don't know. I mean, is YouTube bigger in television right now? I'd say for most people I know it is. You know, things change at dramatic speeds. I don't know, I'll just do whatever I have to do. Like I'm willing to do whatever it takes. Wherever things are going, that's where you go. I, I saw a lot of people when I first got into radio, I was around so many of these newspaper guys. I saw a guy recently on, on, on X that was like the best advice for anyone in sports media still is to start at a newspaper.

1 (24m 32s):
Unless I'm, I'm not into like talking shit on Twitter as much anymore. I don't care. That's, it was the dumbest thing I'd ever read. I'm like, this guy's actually putting this out there. Yeah, if this was 2001 maybe that's pretty good advice. It's 2024. That'd be the last thing I would advise to any young person. Unless it's like the Wall Street Journal. Do not fucking do that. So signing quarterbacks is complicated. Signing the great quarterbacks is relatively easy even though it's complicated because of the amount of money as in like Lamar Jackson, we all knew he was good and it was still complicated, right? Patrick Mahomes was pretty easy. Josh Allen was pretty easy.

1 (25m 12s):
Even the Herbert thing, like there's pressure for him to be a consistent top five quarterback. Trevor Lawrence has not been paid yet. Like we need to see a little more before, before we give you 180, $200 million. It's a big financial decision. So $80 million is not $200 million. But you could argue after 15 touchdowns that even deserve $80 million. But there is no way to spin it. They have buyer's remorse and there's nothing wrong with that.

0 (25m 42s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pregame barbecue while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary and are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (26m 11s):
When you're hiring for your small business, you want to find quality professionals that are right for the role. That's why you have to Check out LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn jobs has the tools to help find the right professionals for your team faster and for free. Listen at the Volume, we're always looking for people and hiring is easy when you have that many quality candidates and you better believe we use LinkedIn. I just played golf last weekend with a guy who runs an insurance company who said he lives on LinkedIn and he has never found better employees than through this website. 'cause LinkedIn knows that small businesses are wearing so many hats and might not have the time or resources.

1 (26m 57s):
And let's face it, how would you even find these people? Well they're on LinkedIn and then LinkedIn. Constantly finding ways to make everything easier. They even launch the feature that helps you write job descriptions, making the process quicker. Post your job for free at linkedin.com/john, that's linkedin.com/jhn to post your job. For free terms and conditions apply, eBay Motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers.

1 (27m 40s):
I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts, you can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs.

1 (28m 24s):
eBay motors has it. And with eBay guaranteed fit, it's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive@ebaymotors.com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. Let's dive into Fugazi. Friday. And a lot of you guys are now doing most of the work because I just get, I get dms and I was like, yeah, I, I haven't seen a big fugazi lately. A lot, a lot of you guys that hit me up about my my Tahoe and I, I got one of those plugin things I works okay.

1 (29m 7s):
I actually had someone from Chevrolet reach out, listener of the show. Jeff, hopefully you know we something materializes. We, you know, welcome to the show. We do a lot of business here. So Chevy arms wide open as my guys at Creed would say, let's start with this. I think this position assignment in the NFL and how it leads to contracts is somewhat of a Fugazi. Why wouldn't Kelsey's agent identify him as a wide receiver? Bowers too. I think they need to do positional groups opposed to specific positions. Quarterback running back wide, receiver tied, end O line D, line ETC with the amount of scheming and utilizing players in multiple positions with different formations.

1 (29m 54s):
I think the current model is outdated and they need to revamp considering its direct impact on the cap player contracts and franchises. Totally agree would not be opposed to that. And I'm not exactly pro agent here, but I think it makes a lot of sense. Travis Kelsey is a wide receiver. The problem is the way the situation is constructed. Jimmy Graham was too and he tried to argue and he lost. So it gets too complicated where you just, it's not worth arguing over something. You will not win. And like in real estate, it's all just comps on your position. Even though Travis Kelsey would say, who's my comp? I catch a hundred balls a year.

1 (30m 36s):
I'm the greatest receiving tight end of all time because I'm a fucking wide receiver. But that's not the way it works. Micah Parsons like, Hey Nick Bose is a defensive end. He just got $120 million guaranteed. I'm not an outside linebacker, I'm a pass rusher. Just like tj, just like Bosa and just like Miles Garrett, I am a pass rusher pass catching tight ends and pass rushers get screwed. 1000% totally with you. This is a Fugazi Friday. A couple months ago, my wife and I had VRBO booked for a trip to Miami, taken a little weekend in the sun, less than a week before our stay, we get a notification from the owner that they sold the place and a reservation was canceled while they did technically refund us.

1 (31m 26s):
So you got refunded. It was extremely frustrating, no alternatives. And the rebooking was on us to figure it out. If it were the other way around and we canceled for any reason, we would've lost our payment due to the terms. But since the owner cancels, they don't have any repercussions. What the Fugazi, I think there's a simple solution to this and I, I, I'll be honest, I'm not the biggest VRBO Airbnb. Like I, I never set that up. Whenever I'm at one, it's always through someone else. Maybe I'm living in the past, still more of a hotel guy when I travel, maybe that will change with time. Build a family, obviously it's much easier.

1 (32m 7s):
Maybe I'm just living in the past. Maybe I should get into that game a little more. If your house, I don't think it's crazy, right? I put my house on VRBO Airbnb, some guy knock knocks on my door, calls me up and says, makes me an offer I can't refuse. I sell the house. If my house is for sale or is pending a sale and I'm doing this, there should be some sort of situation that VRBO or these companies help you facilitate a new place. Right? To me, if it's something that just happens overnight, which I, it's hard for a purchase to happen overnight. So they would've known.

1 (32m 47s):
That to me is another step of like, okay, my house is on the market. I'm just VVRB owing it out. I know at any moment it could be sold. And then people with reservations, especially in a place, Miami Scottsdale, right? San Diego, Vegas, new Orleans. I mean there, there are certain travel destinations here that are gonna be pretty highly impacted when a house sells. So I I I would say, yeah, I, I understand your frustrations and this is easily avoidable, right? Especially if the house had been for sale for a while. Fugazi, Friday, fast food, fast food has always been terrible for you.

1 (33m 27s):
But it was convenient enough and cheap enough to justify, justify sacrificing some health every now and then. Agreed. However, in the post covid world, outside of the real estate market, it seems like there is no industry that has taken advantage of inflation. Quite like American fast food. I used to be able to Go to bk, that'd be Burger King, McDonald's or Taco Bell and grab a lunch for six, $7. It's almost impossible to find anywhere much less, some already more expensive brands and not walk out paying less than $15. I ordered four burgers and two orders of fries from one fast food joint, no drinks.

1 (34m 7s):
$62 services suffered at many of the change yet the drive-throughs are still 20 minutes deep for god knows what burger. And they nearly cost what you can get ordered fresh at a sit down restaurant. I'll never forget being a kid, you Go to Taco Bell and eat like a king with a $5 bill. Eat like a king. McDonald's used to have pretty good meals for under five bucks. Burger King definitely had a good 99 cent menu. So did Wendy's. I don't eat fast food as much anymore. I, I would say this and I always notice this 'cause we Go to, In-N-Out probably once a month, maybe twice a month, that is easily the best paying for your buck.

1 (34m 51s):
You can get a shitload of food to feed four people for 30 bucks. You can eat like a king for two people for under 20. So I'm talking triple triples, animal style fries, milkshakes. I, I just think that these companies, I, I don't know where you live, but obviously in California now, minimum wage, 20 bucks. So as all this stuff goes up, the the price, like they pass that on to us, right? That that's always, Hey guys, it's why the government is always so outta touch. Like cost gets passed on. Welcome to, I don't know, the business world. So all their stuff, you know, I, I don't know where McDonald's or Burger King gets their meat, but that's more expensive.

1 (35m 34s):
Everything's more expensive. So as that gets more expensive, labor gets more expensive. The McDonald's I think owns their real estate. But some of these other companies maybe lease out a b you know, land that gets more expensive. It just drives up. But I'm with you. It's hard to justify. I also think we need to think about this differently. 'cause in the history of the world, like the dollar doesn't come back down in terms of, you know, remember when a burger was $28 and then it came down to $15. Not usually the way it works in my 39 years of life, things have steadily risen car prices, clothes, food, you name it, right? Like this is the reality.

1 (36m 15s):
And I think for any, I don't know how old you are, but we used to look at $20 or a thousand dollars or a hundred dollars. You have it in your head what that means. Well it doesn't mean that anymore, which sucks. I'm not, it just sucks. It was outta our control, but it kind of is what it is. So I I think you should just boycott the fast foods. I still think you Go to Taco Bell. I haven't been there in a while, but bean and cheese burrito, some just regular tacos. Even chicken soft tacos. My, my order Taco Bell's usually a bean and cheese burrito. If I'm feeling fat, probably two chicken soft tacos, supremes and maybe like a chicken burrito.

1 (36m 56s):
That's if I'm feeling fat. If I just wanna stay healthy just and I need a little snack, two chicken soft tacos, boom. A little mild sauce off and running that, that's really the only fast food. I, I, I would do McDonald's for breakfast, but my body and I, I'm someone in my teens and early twenties, like I'm sure a lot of guys ate a lot of fast food. I just, I I'll be 250 pounds and like you said, it's not like you're getting some deal. It's not like, hey, you know, I didn't pay anything. Double inflation, Fugazi, Friday companies that are charging more and giving less, I'd rather pay additionally for same product and not have the quality reduction.

1 (37m 38s):
My dog treats recently started charging more and now the treats are roughly 50% smaller, cut in half horizontally. All this does for the consumer is make them hate the brand. And I have sworn off dozens of companies doing this and making my own dog treats fuck companies who don't respect their consumer. Yeah, I don't know what else to say. Having a dog not cheap. Especially bigger dogs. Food's not cheap. They eat a lot. We, we always had labs in my house. They eat a lot. The good thing is, you know, certain dogs make 'em an egg here and there, feed 'em some chicken. But I hear you, you know the reason Amazon, I mean started to run circles around people.

1 (38m 23s):
Customer service could send anything. Back delivery was free. Customer, customer, customer. Any person listening to this as just someone who consumes a lot. When you're customer friendly, that loyalty, even if in my generation we're less loyal than my parents' generation, it does still mean something. It, it really does. Shitty customer service is always the easiest way. You better have an elite product. It's like a player. It's like, well he is pro bowler, he is been arrested a few times. Well I'm still a pro bowler. You're not a pro bowler and you're getting arrested. See you, you're cut, right? It's like, yeah, the food's elite customer service sucks. You're like, yeah, I'm still eat there.

1 (39m 3s):
It's like, oh yeah, your product's okay and your customer service sucks. Peace. 'cause it's never been easier to find other options, right? Got this little thing called the internet. Lakers basketball is a Fugazi. First time watching a Laker game all year. And the end of the game is just give the ball to ad then they have a foul ad shoots, free throws Lakers win on ad free throws. I think the Lakers I heard on a podcast earlier this year were like setting a record for most free throws in a year. I mean the, the Lakers won that game 'cause Zion got hurt. They were gonna lose. Zion was dominating. Luckily we get to watch the Lakers lose the Denver nuggets who are gonna kick the shit outta them.

1 (39m 44s):
They've got, I'd say five, I'll give the Lakers a, a courtesy game. Adios LeBron Adio, Steph, adios NBA television ratings when you're two most famous players, one gets knocked out in the nine 10 and the other gets knocked out in the first round. It's gonna be rough for business. You know, I I I like playoff stuff, but if you think I'm watching King's OKC, you got another thing coming. Fugazi Friday the market for NFL quarterbacks. I'm a Dolphins fan. And the big topic this off season for fans on Dolphins podcast is obviously to his extension. Everyone keeps bringing up the quarterback market and that you can't offer a guy like Tua $30 million a year because the market dictates that he should make more like 55 million.

1 (40m 33s):
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. They claim this is why Daniel Jones contract happened among other dumb quarterback contracts. The quote unquote market is such a fugazi, if you put two on the open market, there is no shot that a team would pay him more than $30 million. I I never quite understand this either because Daniel Jones and, and even two up, you're not afraid to lose them. Like what drives up a price for a player is like he has leverage. If so, if Justin Jefferson hit the open market, if Nick Bosa or TJ Watt hit the open market, like, you know, people would be lined up 20 teams, the good teams and the bad team. No, everyone would try to sign the guy.

1 (41m 15s):
Okay? It's like, yeah, here's our offer three years, $80 million. We'll guarantee 80, we'll guarantee the whole thing. But this is your offer. It's like, no, what the disrespect, okay, play this year out, hit free agency and see what happens if you play so well this year. Maybe we'll up the offer. I, I never quite understand that with these middle tier quarterbacks. I, I, I don't get it makes no sense to me. Baseball's all outta whack just in terms of guys signing right before the regular season, their free age, their business model's fucked up. But one thing that's come back to earth is like, yeah, o's worth 700 mookie's worth 400, most of you guys are worth like a hundred.

1 (41m 57s):
And some of these outrageous contracts have definitely slowed down and it's just healthier. It's like, yeah, not everyone's worth this. The NBA is obviously all outta whack. They max out everybody. But the NFL has that problem at quarterback. Like, yeah, Lamar, Mahomes, Allen, I, I'm sorry, like what's Tua? The 14th best quarterback in the NFL. Here's $28 million a year for three years. If you improve, we'll bump that number up. We like you, someone's gonna pay you. Yeah, someone would pay us. That was what his agent would say. Okay, go play for them for $45 million. Good luck to that fucking team.

1 (42m 39s):
Godspeed, I'm with you. I I I never have understood that we, we've seen it happen with Dak. We saw it happen with Dak a couple years ago. Feels like we're gonna see it with Tua this year. Be interesting. What happens with Dak? Again, i i I just don't get like a more manageable number how there's not a gap, right? Because there is a gap in terms of the play. So if there's a gap in terms of the play, shouldn't there be a gap in terms of the compensation? If one of my sales guys is bringing in $10 million a year and the other sales guy is bringing in $2 million a year, who do you think is making more in bonuses, right? It's like, well one guy's just way better than the other guy by every metric.

1 (43m 22s):
The eye test playoffs, like, it's not even debatable. I don't get it, never have, never will. To be honest with you.

0 (43m 36s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pre-game barbecue, while you prep your meats, that grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary, are not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (44m 5s):
EBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away.

1 (44m 55s):
With over 122 million parts, you can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it. And with eBay guaranteed fit, it's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus, at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive@ebaymotors.com. Eligible items only exclusions apply. Sometimes it's a struggle between buying what you want over buying what you need, but with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card, you can do both.

1 (45m 40s):
You earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases you want and purchases you need. That means you can earn 2% cash rewards on what you want, like season tickets to watch your favorite team and 2% cash rewards on what you need, like paying for parking. Earn 2% cash rewards on what you want, like those new golf clubs you've benign and 2% cash rewards on what you need. Like a divot repair tool where after you've torn up your lawn, let's try that again. Earn 2% cash rewards on what you want, like workout equipment for your home and then earn 2% cash rewards on what you need.

1 (46m 21s):
Like a foam roller to soothe your sore muscles. That's the beauty of the active cash credit card. It's ready when you are with unlimited 2% cash rewards. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. That's real life ready terms apply. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash. Okay, middle cough Mailbag. Very, very easy to get involved at John Miko, at John Miko Instagram handle firing those dms. Let's start with Johnny wanted to hear your thoughts on Pennix.

1 (47m 2s):
I think he can be something special. Whenever I hear people critique him, it's because of his age, his injury history, and his tape against Michigan. His injuries can't be ignored. However, that was before he got to Washington. Unless you're Eli Manning or Brett Favre, you're gonna miss some time. The tape against Michigan's not very good. No, it was not. My problem with people bringing that up is I feel like the top prospects would've struggled against that team. Team. They were after all the most complete and dominant team. I love Michael Pennix. I've loved him for two years. I mean, he's one of my favorite players in the draft. The problem is to like push all my chips in the table.

1 (47m 43s):
The I'm, I'm not as concerned the injury history because he is proven for two years. He can be healthy. I think it's more the Michigan game. And when you look at it in a vacuum, his team, like he had a really good offensive line, several NFL players, obviously he's playing with several NFL players, a wide receiver. And in that game he got hit and it really threw him off. He didn't get hit all season. He didn't get touched. He got sacked 11 times. So when he is not touched, you could argue he's the, he's as good if not the best quarterback in the draft. And that includes Caleb Williams not touched, no one had rather have thrown the ball when you start touching him and hitting him and just getting around him and threw him off in that Michigan game.

1 (48m 27s):
That Michigan team was an NFL team. That's kind of what it's gonna look like. That's what gives me some reservation. Now, if I was a te if the guy's in the twenties or the top of the second round, no brainer pick, but I do understand 'cause after the Texas game, I'm like, how's this guy not gonna be a top five pick? I I get it. The the age. Who gives a shit what someone DMed me the other day, like why do we talk so much with aging quarterbacks, whether you're 21 or 24, who cares if you play for 12 years? One guy's 32, the other guy's 34, who gives a shit? Totally agree. Age means nothing to me in terms of a positive or negative though.

1 (49m 7s):
Like, you know, Jaden Daniels was a fifth year guy, right? So he he should have a really good year, but he did. So it's like, I, I don't care. The, the age doesn't bother me. The Michigan game though, and I had a little money on Washington was, it was more holding over to win the two games. But it, I I just think that that is a little concerning because if you factor in the way he played, he didn't get touched. And that's not the NFL. You get pressure and you get hit and you get moved off your spot constantly when he's not moved off his spot. He's elite. Elite, but in the pros, man, coming from all angles, can you move?

1 (49m 48s):
But I, and this is where he gets intriguing pro day, it's like, well he is not a big movement guy, then he runs a 4 5 5. So you're like, God, this guy's a really good athlete. Move him around. So maybe you can incorporate that. He's one of my favorite players in the draft though I'm concerned with that game. It's, it's hard to get that game outta my mind. But that's why he's gonna go, I mean if you're talking about a guy, if I can get this guy in the mid twenties, that's incredible. Every scout I talk to is like, God, you watch Pennix when I'm watching R Dunes, like Jesus, this guy's good. So I I I think we're all in agreement. The guy's a really good player. I I don't hear anyone arguing that. 'cause you can't argue that he fucking dominated for two years.

1 (50m 30s):
He made a program that is mostly, I guess they've been good since Chris Peterson went there, but a lot of my life hanging their hat on the early nineties. I was like five to eight. They were not good. And then they had bad two thousands even Sarc like got a bunch of hype. They never won like more than seven games. Pete got there, made 'em a real program again. This guy took him to like that next level. It's like Chip Kelly Blotty was damn good. They were constantly in the top 15. Then Chip Kelly took him to another level. Washington was really good under Chris Peterson. It felt like panic was the curve ball inserted. Like, I forget what was the quarterback's name, kid from Sacramento.

1 (51m 16s):
He's the Bengals backup. He filled in for Burrow this year. My mind is now working. Played at Washington. I mean a solid college player. I'm stunned. He's in the NFL. He actually looked pretty good this year. Pennix is in a different universe than that guy. What the hell's his name? Jake, I wanna say my mind's not working. Just what happens in middle of April. A lot of things flying through this brain. It's gonna, it's gonna piss me off 'cause I'll look it up when we're done. Mailbag question a lot of you guys listening, like middle coffee, you're an idiot. I know you have the name. If Caleb Williams has a good rookie season, maybe 80 to 90% of what Stroud did or make a wild card spot, do you think the Bears would consider trying to avoid what happened with Philly's regression and promote Waldron, the head coach and fire Ebra flus?

1 (52m 8s):
If Shane Waldron is really good this year and your offense is dynamic, which it's on paper, gonna have a chance to be right and if this kid's shining and he starts interviewing or it's gonna look like a lot of teams are gonna want to talk to 'em. I don't even like who cares? See I flues. Adios, nice knowing you. Cool new look again if you feel confident about it because let's face it, if the Eagles had a redo, it would've been the craziest thing ever at the time, but it would've been the right move they would've fired sir on him for Shane Steichen. If the Falcons had a redo the moment Kyle Shanahan started interviewing, do you know what they would've done? They would've fired Dan Quinn.

1 (52m 51s):
Now it's easy, obviously after the fact. We all know the information, but you now have information to go off of like, we know how this goes. So Caleb Williams, your future, he esp especially if he looks good, we'll be talking like the guy, this guy become a top five quarterback. And if, if they get along, wouldn't even be a question in my mind, I'm a Marine, thank you for your service and grew up in Oakland, not far from the Cossum. Obviously there's a big East Bay and San Francisco rivalry in the Bay Area. Now all that pro sports teams are out of their way in, in Oakland. I can't bring myself to continue rooting for the Raiders, warriors or race. I feel like it's a logical reaction.

1 (53m 31s):
However, the city of Oakland is as much to blame for the teams leaving as the respective ownership groups interest to hear your perspective on what you would do. In my position, root for the diners or the Chargers. Jim Harbaugh, my favorite coach and the Niners are a great team, but rooting for a team I used to hate. Just feels weird. Don't want to bandwagon. I don't think in modern history we will ever see again. And I don't even know if it's ever happened. The coliseum where the A's and Raiders played and right next to it was Oracle. Three teams left in like a four year span. Here's what I'd say about the Warriors like that, that that area, the Coliseum area 66 and Hagen Burger is one of the biggest fucking dumps of all time.

1 (54m 16s):
Like if they nuked it tomorrow, no one would notice or care. So Joe Lake just picked the team up and went to the city where there's a lot more money and financed it himself. So I, I don't think you can blame the Warriors weren't Oakland's team, they just played in Oakland. They were the greater Bay Areas team and he just moved them down the street. I mean, mileage wise it's like 15, 20 miles. Obviously it takes a lot longer with traffic in the bridge. But Joe Lako did not do what the other teams did. The Raiders, listen, I you can't, I mean it was the right move. I mean, there's no way around it. He never would've got a free stadium. It's in an area way more vibrant now.

1 (54m 58s):
Way more money behind him. It's not even close. He couldn't have financially survived one building a stadium on his own. And two, the Niners suck up all the money. And I Listen, you're from the East Bay. I, I lived there for a decade. I, you know, I'm from Davis, Sacramento area. The East Bay is majority Niner fans just like it's majority giants fans. Danville, Pleasanton, like the Niners and Giants sucked up all the oxygen. So even the A's like, I don't, my bet would they'll stay in Sacramento and they should, Sacramento makes a lot more sense than Oakland. Next year they will sell out 15,000 people at the AAA stadium every single night.

1 (55m 40s):
What was going on in Oakland with the A's? And listen, their ownership's a, a joke. I mean, the politicians in Oakland have historically been one of the biggest laughing stocks in America. My 40 years of life. I mean, absolute joke now, John Fisher, rich Guy doesn't wanna spend, but, and I get it, but it, it wasn't working like it, it was time. It was over. I The Raider thing's more complicated. They're the one team that I, I, I see the point of the fan, which is what you're asking about. Joe Laka, 100% made the right move and every human being in his position would've made that move. The a thing's, a combination of a lot of variables.

1 (56m 22s):
But the Raiders, I do kind of believe him that he would've stayed, but he would've needed a handout and they, he just wasn't gonna get it there. And Vegas gave it to him, and now he's way richer and living in a $20 million house, you know, Dayton, just tens that might be working girls might not be, you know, I'm not, I'm not one to judge. But listen, mark, mark, mark d Mark doesn't regret it. I, I would say this, I would go hardball. It's not, it's the Oakland Raiders that you grew up rooting against, played the San Diego Chargers. They're not the Los Angeles Chargers. And the Spanos got in the league because Al Davis.

1 (57m 4s):
So there's a connection there. I'm rooting for the Chargers. People think I'm a charger hater. No, I thought Brandon Staley was a clown. I love Jim Harbaugh. I'm a Jim Harbaugh fan. I mean, my squad's next year Niners, Andy Veach and Harbaugh, those teams. I, and, and, and the Eagles. I like the Lions. I like Dan Campbell, Jared Goff's cow guy. So, but I, I'm 100% rooting for the Chargers. I love Jim Harbaugh. I've root for Jim Harbaugh now for 15 years and I will not stop. So props with Dean Spanos for hiring a real coach. Got me on board. Keep up the great work.

1 (57m 46s):
Question for the Mailbag. I'm a Cardinal fan and to be honest, I don't know how to feel about the fourth pick. I'm a big Kyle Murray guy and drafting Marvin Harrison or neighbor sounds enticing, but I'm wondering would it be more productive to trade back for extra capital and possibly draft a receiver who falls in the draft? We already have the Texans pick, so I'm just not sure if the extra capital is necessary. What I think the move is for the Cardinals, and this is what I expect and it'll be a early teaser for the old mock draft coming, is I think the, I think the Cardinals and Peter Schrager is pretty dialed in with The Giants. I think The Giants trade from six to four. So the Cardinals Go to pick six, well, four quarterbacks go 1, 2, 3, 4.

1 (58m 27s):
Even if the Chargers, which I do not think are any lock to take a wide receiver, but let's say they take Marvin Harrison, you'll take Roman Dunay. I, I've talked to enough people in the league that know Monte Aport. He's not risking it on neighbors. 'cause neighbors is a little bit of a wild card. But you will get one of the top three wide receivers and add, I don't know, a third round pick. So if Marvin Harrison Jr is taking it five, which again, I feel pretty confident, that is not a lock, that is not a lock at all. So you either get Marvin Harrison or Romo Duney, one of those two players will be your wide receiver at six. I think that's what ends up happening. But I'm with you, like to go from like four to 11. Like that's, that's probably too far.

1 (59m 9s):
'cause you do need an impact skill guy. I guess if you went to 11, you could take Bowers, but you, your, your tight end's actually pretty good. mbr, so maybe not. I see on Instagram all the time, McBride's playing golf all the way around. That guy's good. I mean that's, I I like that guy a lot. Should the team that drafts Jay Daniels trade next year's number one pick to get neighbors in recent years, many college quarterbacks are paired with their college wide receivers. Joe Burle and Jamar Chase and many of the Alabama team produce high resorts results with this strategy. Should the team drafting JD consider overpaying? Well, if we assume Washington takes 'em, which is kind of universally assumed right now, Washington doesn't have another first round pick.

1 (59m 52s):
So if Nabors is gonna go in the top 10, they, they couldn't get up that far. No one's trading. Pick eight or nine to Go to the second round. Even if you gimme a couple first round picks, I, I just can't move back that far. So I, I just, it's not realistic. I hear what you're saying and in a perfect world it makes a lot of sense. But yeah, any thoughts on OJ Simpson? I think I talked about it last week since I talked about it. He made him the kid sign an NDA What a fucking bizarre life. I mean, I mean seriously. What, that's just icing on the cake of the whole situation.

1 (1h 0m 34s):
Children to get into the, when the guy's on his deathbed has to sign an NDA, I mean I've been in a hospital room with my dad on a deathbed. I, I can't even, Ima hey, hey sir, you need to, before you can come in. Jeff needs you to sign this. What's this? There's an NDA So anything discussed in here, you can't be said. I mean, he owes him $96 million. That's what oj the estate owes him. Just a, it's just, just feel dirty. The whole fucking thing. Great podcast, always checking for updated wisdom from you. Would you happen to know how they determine who gets a vote for NBA?

1 (1h 1m 15s):
MVP? I think it's just the media. Like it's people that cover the league, beat reporters, the main guys, the Bill Simmons Win Horse, Zach Lowes of the world. I i, I don't think it's that complicated. Like I, I don't think they think that deep into it. Like if you've been covering a team like Anthony Slater in the Bay Area covers the Warriors and now the kings from Cover the Thunder forever with Durant, like I'm sure he has a vote. I think you just want, I I I think if you were running these things, here's the problem is people get votes, right? If you are play by play guys used to have them.

1 (1h 1m 56s):
Well they see their team 81 times a a year, right? Same thing with baseball. You're not watching the rest of the league 'cause you're always playing like in the NFL it's, you can kind of keep up. It's easier to keep up, but you still miss a lot of games. I'm actually probably more suited to vote for some of the awards than a guy that covers the New York Jets. 'cause every week he's at a game. So he's missing the majority games. I'm on my couch, three TVs up, seven games on television, watching everything. You could argue let the, the GM should vote. Sad Broncos fan here.

1 (1h 2m 36s):
What is stopping us from trading c for a premier quarterback in this year's draft? I feel like PS two and a first rounder at least gets us the pats on the phone. Peyton has brought the options down to a quarterback from left field like Brady or one from the draft with DeNucci. Instead. It's a rough quarterback room being the only quarterback's rostered is trading certain feasible 1000000%. Obviously you don't like trading elite players, but you're in this fubar situation and let's face it, that's what it is.

1 (1h 3m 18s):
It is a disaster. You're eating all this cap room because of the Russell Wilson trade. That is one of the worst trades of all time. Regardless what happens in Seattle for the Denver Broncos, it's one of, if not the worst trade of all time. The money, the production, the assets, the, the cap implications. So I, I think you gotta think outta the box, whatever, if they do that, here's one positive for Sean Peyton. He doesn't give a shit what other people are saying clearly. I mean, he cut Russell and didn't even think twice. Ask him to take a pay cut in the middle of the year. He is like, yeah, if you don't take a pay cut, we're gonna bench you.

1 (1h 3m 59s):
Which I turns out wasn't quite allowed. But he didn't care. So yeah, I I I would say everything's on the table with them. Nothing will shock me with Sean Payton. Nothing. What are the expectations for the commanders this year? New for an office, new coaching staff. Bunch of new free agents can't help but be hyped. Josh Harris has made, I think it's realistic to go like eight-ish wins and just look like a team on the come now you get to eight wins. That would mean Jaden Daniels assuming he's a quarterback, shows a lot of signs. That's the wild card, right?

1 (1h 4m 40s):
I I think we all, and I do this with the bearers too. NFL quarterback's hard, even if it's easier to play now than ever is still difficult. And there can be a massive learning curve. The speed, the play calls everything. So like the commanders in three years could be a dominant team and this year could suck. Like that's on the table. You're not being that good this year. If Jayden's kind of swimming, which might happen and this is where you gotta be careful about like CJ Stroud last year, that's not normal obviously. I mean he shattered rookie records. That was abnormal, that that was an all time outlier.

1 (1h 5m 22s):
So most guys are kind of up and down. It's difficult. It, it, it really is. And here's the problem, the difference for the bears. Bears have a good defense so the bears might be able to win some ugly games. So if they get to, if I, you tell me the Bears are nine and eight, I'd be like, well maybe they're, maybe also their defense is like top 12. Your defense might suck. I mean you just, you got rid of defensive lineman, you just have a lot of holes. You're obviously investing your first pick in a quarterback. I think you gotta see the big picture. To me this year's all about just like getting this guy's feet under him and, and him showing a lot of signs for the future.

1 (1h 6m 5s):
I would say eight wins would be a really big success. But even if you win six or seven, but it's like you're in a lot of games, maybe your defense is getting gashed. That's how you feel pretty good. And honestly if you're gonna win six, you're almost better winning five or four. So you can get a high pick next year and draft a sweet defensive player. But I think we gotta be careful with these rookie quarterbacks. Most of them just do not play that well. Question first though. I wanna say how cool it it's to see what you're doing. I first heard you doing Raiders post game right after the Rams kicked the shit outta the car is rookie year. It was refreshing to hear an honest take about how they had little to no talent compared to the rest of the league.

1 (1h 6m 45s):
I'm pretty sure after that game, if I remember correctly, they had, they had like six games left and I thought they could go winless. I didn't think they were gonna win a game. And that's when the president who now got fired for fucking up the taxes on the team, called me from the, from the plane. He, he was waiting in line to get on the plane and called me 'cause he saw a tweet that I said like the Raiders have Owen 16 on the table. Weird place. I know they were oh and 10, lemme remind you oh and 10. But he was not happy. Luckily the guy I I worked for at the time at the radio station was like, fuck, say whatever you want. And I did. Now for my question, it seems like every, they ended up beating the, they got their first win against the chiefs that year.

1 (1h 7m 31s):
Alex Smith chiefs on a Thursday night football game. It was pretty cool actually. The place was rocking rough loss for the chiefs. It seems like every year there are more and more talented receivers coming out in the draft with the path passing offense, seven and seven growing so much in the youth high school and college. It makes sense. Could you see that position eventually being financially similar to running backs? They don't have to wear and tear factor, but it'd be supply and demand issue. Not to mention not many teams that overpay that position make it that far in the playoffs. I, I see what you're saying. The problem is, is the wear and tear is a big thing. Like if, if I had Christian McCaffrey right now and it never crossed my mind like, oh, he's just always healthy, no big deal.

1 (1h 8m 15s):
Like he's gonna play 10, 10 more years. You wouldn't hesitate giving him another huge contract. But when you have these running backs, all you ever think about is like, oh, he's gonna get injured. He's gonna get injured. You don't really say that with wide receivers, even though they get injured too. But like, I don't know how old Devonta Adams is, 31, 32. You just think like, ah, Devonte could play like six more years, right? Justin Jefferson's got 10 years left. You start looking around the league at all, like these guys can play forever. That wear and tear is a huge part of the price. And the other thing is, I think historically receivers have been very hit or miss in the draft. I think in recent memory it's been a lot more hits than misses, at least in the top couple rounds.

1 (1h 9m 0s):
But when I have a good wide receiver, just pick a guy in the top 20, I, I use a good example because it's like, well how much do I want to pay him? Would I trade him to the Steelers and use that pick on a wide receiver? There just is no guarantee. I have Brandon Ayuka, I know he's really good. I know I gotta pay a little more than I want to, but if I take that position, look at the Titans. It was one of the reasons that cost John Robinson his job. Now, maybe it was the ownership didn't want to pay him that's been out there, but like they traded AJ Brown, which in theory like, okay, you traded him for pick whatever, 16, 17, they immediately take a wide receiver and then that guy sucks.

1 (1h 9m 42s):
So it's like I wouldn't, obviously most of us wouldn't have done it, but if you are gonna do it, you're like, well you get a really high pick, pick the right guy. The, the Vikings did the same thing. They just got Justin Jefferson. So it's like when it works, it's awesome. When it doesn't, it's a disaster. Disaster. Easy to say, much easier to fill on running backs like high end wide receivers. There is a big drop off. I mean ask some of The Patriots, The Giants, some of these teams that last year, the Titans, the Cardinals, I mean they got nothing. Seattle's like, yeah, we got three wide receivers. Lock it. He's Sweet, Jackson, Smith, baller, dk you know, it's like some, some teams.

1 (1h 10m 26s):
And then, but you also, this is the hard part about the draft. It's like I, I would've said like if, if Cooper Cups average, the Rams are in trouble and then they land Pook and Nku and he has the greatest rookie season ever. So I guess I'm contradicting myself here. I don't have a great answer for you. Beside, I think the risk is really high when you feel you have a really good player. I think that's a, I think that's a huge factor. Appreciate everyone listening. Have a great weekend and we'll see you next week for some draft

3 (1h 10m 56s):
Talc. The Volume

0 (1h 11m 3s):
Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like at your pre-game, barbecue, while you prep your meats. That grease trap you forgot to empty is prepping to smoke your porch garage and the car inside. And without the right home and auto insurance coverage, the cost to repair this could eat up your savings. So bundle home and auto with Allstate to save and get protected from mayhem like this. Bundled savings vary or not available in every state. Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.

1 (1h 11m 33s):
With the Wells Fargo active cash credit card, you can earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases you want and purchases you need. That means you earn on what you want, like trying out that new workout class and 2% cash rewards on what you need, like a foam roller for your sore muscles. That's the beauty of the active cash credit card. It's ready when you are with unlimited 2% cash rewards. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card, that's real life ready terms apply. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash.

1 (1h 12m 16s):
Looking for an assist with your credit card but can't get ahold of anyone. Luckily with 24 7 US based live customer service from Discover, everyone has the option to talk to a real person anytime day or night. Yep, you heard that right? You can talk to a real human in customer service anytime. Sounds like a real game changer if you ask us. Make the right call and get the service you deserve with discover limitations. Apply see terms at discover.com/credit card.