0 (0s):
Streaming has gotten way too complicated. But you can hack the system with Prime video. It has everything in one app with one password. See Roadhouse Giannis, the Marvelous Journey and the National Women's Soccer League, all included with Prime Plus. You can buy Premier boxing or stream the NHL and NBA playoffs on max with the Bleacher Report Sports. add-on or add Paramount Plus for the Masters on CCBs Prime video. It's all your favorite content in one place. Restrictions apply. Prime membership required for add-on subscriptions. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details,

1 (40s):
Feeling like you need a punch of energy, enter wonderful pistachios. I love them. The snack that packs a protein punch and the best part, they come in so many flavors and so many sizes. Whether you're on the go or chilling at home, wonderful pistachios, they're the go-to snack for me. Here's the real kicker, the protein, these little wonders are one of the highest protein nuts out there. Just one ounce serves up a whopping six grams of protein giving you over 10% of your daily value. So visit wonderful pistachios.com to learn more.

1 (1m 20s):
I love them. You know, our trusted partner tire rack.com for their fast free shipping, free road hazard protection, convenient installation options, and their great selection of best tires. Like the highly consumer rated hankook dynapro A T two Extreme. But did you know they sell other automotive products, wheels, brakes, suspension, just to name a few, go to tire rack.com/colin tire rack.com the way tire buying should be. Thanks for listening to the Herd podcast. Be sure to catch us live every weekday on Fox Sports Radio and noon to three Eastern, 9:00 AM to noon Pacific.

1 (2m 1s):
Find your local station for the herd@foxsportsradio.com or stream us live every day on the iHeart Radio app by searching Fox Sports Radio or fsr.

2 (2m 11s):
Now let's get this party started. You are listening to Fox Sports Radio. Oh,

1 (2m 19s):
Here we go. It's a lively Wednesday live in Los Angeles. Sits the herd how lucky your week, wherever you may be and however you may be listening. Thanks for making us part of your day. amac the playoffs are here. No more slow days allowed on this real estate only vibrant dynamic shows going forward. So I sat and watched a five and a half hours of NBA playing basketball last night. It was fun, sad melancholy for the Warriors. That's a

2 (2m 50s):
Great word.

1 (2m 54s):
All good things come to an end. Trees don't grow to the sky.

2 (2m 58s):
Tough morning

3 (2m 59s):
For big Steph Curry. Fans like me, no NBA playoffs and he's got Draymond Green to blame.

1 (3m 4s):
Well, okay, sure, you bet. Third time, five years. The Warriors are out of the playoffs twice. It's been playing games. You know there's very few true difference makers. Outcome changers. They lead dynasties. Steph Curry, Tom Brady. Do you remember that moment Tom Brady Last year in New England, he was on the bench imploring, yelling at wide receivers. Can somebody please just get open? It poured out Brady's frustration with Bill Belichick's inability to draft and develop skill people. It was no coincidence that Tom Brady left for Tampa.

1 (3m 45s):
Mike Evans. Chris Godwin an offensive coach. That was Steph last night. The last champion standing Clay Thompson O for 10. Andrew Wiggins hasn't been the same player last couple of years. Chris Paul didn't show up. Trace Jackson, Davis had to be pulled from the floor. Last guy along with Draymond with championship pedigree, he feels like he could be part of something special. That's it again, Draymond Green, I'd keep, but Steph Curry needs somebody next to him that can score 27 to 28 points a night minimum. He's not gonna get Luca. We know that there are a handful of players that aren't going to Jason Tatum's not gonna be a warrior.

1 (4m 26s):
We know that. I don't know where you go. Steph was efficient last night. 43% on threes. But Steph Curry last night scored 22 points. The rest of the starting lineup for the Warrior scored 26 points. It is time for the big pivot. I'd keep Steph, I'd keep pods, the young kid. I'd keep Draymond and I'd move everybody else. They do not have a ton of assets. Here's what I believe. You have to cross your fingers and root for a couple of things and they're very possible. The Clippers unravel bit of a mess against the Mavs. Get beaten like five games. Paul George has a player option.

1 (5m 8s):
Paul George played at Fresno State. Californian loves California bro. Hour flight come up north. And then depending on how the Laker season goes, LeBron gets frustrated with dlo. I would make a call to LeBron. LeBron and it's no secret is close with Draymond and the one player he said he would always consider playing with without a doubt. You could ask people close to LeBron, you may be able to ask LeBron, is Steph Curry I'd call LeBron player option. Paul George North. Those moves would allow you to keep Moses Moody.

1 (5m 48s):
Jonathan Minga, the young center from Indiana. You could keep those. But last night, if you look at the numbers, the warrior starting five was outscored by the Kings 1 0 4 to 48. They don't have a lot of assets. I'd keep two, maybe be three players. I love the coach. Bob Myers knew this is how it was gonna end. It was gonna be sad, it was gonna be bumpy. It was probably Clay Thompson's last game as a warrior though. Steve Kerr wants him and here's the coach after

4 (6m 23s):
We've been really blessed here with some amazing players and you know, multiple championships and finals appearances and the highest of highs. And this is the flip side. This is life. This is how it works. You don't, you know, you don't get to stay on top forever. Our guys have been fighting for so long, they're incredible competitors and warriors and I couldn't be prouder of them. But you know, we've got a an off season where we've got a lot to lot to think about for sure.

5 (6m 55s):
The trio of Clay Draymond and Steph just isn't as dominant as it was. Now they now they're, they have to get something outta Jonathan Minga. They have to get something outta Moses Moody. And so they just are not the same dominant level team. Even though the names are there and you on occasion they have that look. It's not any one person's fault. It's father time.

1 (7m 26s):
Alright, meanwhile the Laker, so I'm one for one on my bold five bold NBA playoff predictions. I said eventually the Warriors would not get past the plan and the Lakers would. And they did last night in a game against the Pelicans. They're a better team than the Pelicans. They've, they've shown that the last couple of years. But it was a game of runs back and forth. Wild runs. The Lakers are a great do or die team. Sudden death team gotta win tonight's game. They're a great team. LeBron is 12 out of his last 12. 12 and oh in his last 12 do or die games. Game sevens play in games. He's three and oh in season tournament games, 12 and oh they're great.

1 (8m 7s):
If the Lakers were a band, they could rock you all night long. Once they are not built for a world tour. There's no encore here. AD is a very old 31. You always cross your fingers on his health. And LeBron just old. Listen, they're great playing with the kids but they need a nap every afternoon. You need 16 wins to be an NBA champion. And it probably would take the Lakers 25, 26, 27 total games to get there with old LeBron and older than his age ad. That's not gonna happen. If you watch that game last night, LeBron and AD looked cooked in The fourth quarter.

1 (8m 49s):
In fact the Lakers got a big break. Zion Williamson, they could not stop that freight train. He had 40 points and then walked off the court. I don't know what it is. He was hurt. He didn't limp, he walked off. I don't think, I don't think they win If Zion's days. He was unstoppable last night. Championship teams almost always have a star, a vibrant dynamic star in their twenties. Dilo can't trust him. Reeves, come on Rui. Nah. And now they face Denver. And Denver is big and they're thick and they're physical and the games in Denver will be in high altitude.

1 (9m 31s):
I think the Lakers match up with Denver. I've said that all year. They match up with 'em physically, but to beat 'em four times in 1516 games and then to go win 16 total games out of about 26 it would take to win a championship. I don't see it happening. Here's LeBron though. Nuggets up next.

6 (9m 52s):
Mr. D Defend champion. They know what it takes. They know how to win. They've been extremely dominant in their home floor over the last few years. You know they got a NVP on their team. They got a closer on their team, they got high level players, high IQ players, they got a hell of a coach. So if we can play our as greatest as game we can play, they're gonna play as greatest game they play. It's gonna come down to one or two possessions, you know, and see who executes in.

1 (10m 18s):
Isn't basketball great when the games mean something Warriors out. Lakers in fun last night. The playoffs officially underway and again, everybody loves grandpa playing with the kids, but about two 30 he needs a gin and a nap. And I don't think the Lakers can rack up 16 wins to win an NBA championship. What? Say you JMac.

3 (10m 42s):
Yeah. Let's not overreact to one game. But yeah, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a tough, tough go if they couldn't stop Zion, how

1 (10m 50s):
Guilty was that? The best game Zion's ever had as a yeah. Best big game as a pro. And

3 (10m 54s):
It ended kind of, yeah,

1 (10m 55s):
Like Zion's career

3 (10m 56s):
Basically.

1 (10m 57s):
But he was a freight train. They couldn't stop him.

3 (10m 59s):
Unstoppable. I, I forgot to ask about that first segment. How did your guy Chris Paul do I know you championed that dis

1 (11m 4s):
I did champion that move. He looked a little,

3 (11m 7s):
Was he on the court last night? Did he play a little DNP coach's decision? I didn't see him on the court. Oh, he played 18 minutes and did nothing. Come on Colin.

1 (11m 16s):
Well he was brought in to be the top of the second unit. It's again, everything has to be on Steph's timeline. I like Minga, but he's not ready to be a big time player in the playoffs. He was good last night. He was good last night. He was died

3 (11m 28s):
In Draymond last

1 (11m 29s):
Night. But you're not gonna get him on a consistent basis. Steph needs 28 and a half points a night next to him. So how do you get that? Is it Carl Anthony Towns? I don't know who it is. Is it Giannis again? If the Clippers unravel, does Paul George wanna be part of this pretty easy sales job to get a California kid up to a championship team that wins, that wins regularly in, in maybe the greatest arena in the league? I

3 (11m 56s):
I thought maybe your buddy Darryl Morrie from yesterday's show would've said we want Paul George this off season. 'cause they've got room

1 (12m 2s):
But he he didn't wanna go east. He, he likes, he likes California and Fresno State guy chose California. Yeah,

3 (12m 10s):
When he demanded out of Indiana, he said, I wanna go to la They didn't happen. One final question, I'm looking for Draymond's next podcast to drop. Will he admit that he's the reason that the Warriors No, this season, season tanked getting suspended like games? I thought well

1 (12m 22s):
Actually Draymond, you can, you could argue Draymond and Clay Thompson were actually the reason the last 30 games. They were so good. Those guys played great basketball. Oh yeah.

3 (12m 31s):
We're we're the only reason they're in the play and is 'cause Draymond suspended. Well for, for, you know, foolish

1 (12m 37s):
Activity. Well, in, in retrospect it wasn't one of his great moments. Yeah.

3 (12m 40s):
Okay.

1 (12m 41s):
He needs to be dropping that podcast later today. You're

3 (12m 43s):
Very eager to hear that. I I'm the reason the season wet sideways I punched out Jordan Pool. I'm the reason the dynasty is over.

1 (12m 51s):
Well he's also a reason they have a trophy room fair. A substantial trophy room. That's fair

7 (12m 56s):
Count. Be sure to catch live editions of the herd weekdays in noon eastern 9:00 AM Pacific on Fox Sports Radio, FS one and the iHeart radio app.

1 (13m 5s):
Don't miss out on any of the NBA playoff action at DraftKings sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NBA download And with Draftking Sports book app. 90 seconds all it takes. Use the code herd new customers BET five. That's it. Five bucks and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's code herd only on DraftKings The. crown is yours.

0 (13m 28s):
Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit www.one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. CDK g co slash B ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

8 (13m 60s):
This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff U Missed in history class. When you drive a Toyota Camry, you arrive in style with available all-wheel drive and multiple driving modes. Nothing will stand in your way. And with top-notch available tech like a multimedia, touchscreen and wireless connectivity combined with the reassurance of Toyota Safety Sense, it's no wonder the Camry is the bestselling car in America for over 20 years. Or check out a new Corolla and define your style with a model for everyone from the sleek and affordable sedan to the super efficient hybrid and the hip and agile hatchback. There's a Corolla made just for you. Toyotas even introduced their spacious Corolla cross as a hybrid for when your adventure calls for both maximum capacity and efficiency.

8 (14m 42s):
And right now your local Toyota dealer has more vehicles in stock and is making delivery on new vehicles almost every day. So don't wait. Buy a new Camry, Corolla, or Corolla cross today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals, details and more. Toyota, let's go places.

1 (15m 2s):
Thank you to our friends at Panini America. The official trading cards and NFTs of the 2024 Colin Cower draft coverage. Panini America delivers a premier collecting experience with the most sought after N-F-L-N-B-A, FIFA and WNBA trading cards. Whether you're chasing rookie sensations or collecting timeless legends paninis Got it. Panini America is also breaking new ground in NIL featuring some of the biggest names in college sports, like all time NCAA scoring leader, Kaitlyn Clark, angel Reese, and many of the upcoming N NFL and NBA first round picks. If you're into cutting edge digital collectibles, don't miss paninis n ft platform@nft.paniniamerica.net with some of the first opportunities to collect this year's rookie class.

1 (15m 51s):
Whether you're a collector of physical cards or a digital enthusiast panini has you covered, check out the most popular trading card brands like Prism. Select Don Russ and Moore for those NFL draft fans. Get realtime trading cards after players are picked with Panini Instant cards, celebrating the biggest sports moments on cards right after they happen. Visit panini america.net or download the panini direct app today. Panini America, the official trading cards at NFTs of the Colin Coward draft coverage. Welcome back. It is great to have you in Chris Manix on Peter Schrager today. I love once the playoffs start, I love the NBA playoffs. So here according to reporters one I know the other two I trust Don van NADA Jr.

1 (16m 38s):
Seth Wickersham and Jeremy Fowler of ESPN are reporting Arthur Blank. The owner of the Falcons when he was gonna hire a coach, spoke twice with Robert Kraft, bill Belichick's, former boss, owner of the Patriots. They spoke twice and during those conversations Kraft acknowledged he felt betrayed by Belichick at the end. They were not trying to sink him but they weren't gonna send him a lifeline and get him hired. They were brutally candid about Bill Belichick. So first of all, Belichick ruled with an iron fist and was never terribly collaborative. If you're seeking a great job referral after 20 years of keeping your thumb on people, good luck.

1 (17m 22s):
It's the basic physics for every action. There's a reaction. Belichick was secretive, controlling, waved off the scouting department last eight, nine drafts. That's why New England's were so awful. There's a reason Brady's adored and bill's not, he even alienated the greatest player in league history. So again, you can lead in several different ways, but it will not end well for people like the late Bobby Knight or maybe Bill Belichick. When you rule with an iron fist, when you know being nice and collaborative isn't difficult and it never really goes outta style.

1 (18m 9s):
And oh by the way, players talk to players. They keep it real. Coaches talk to coaches. Owners also talk to owners. When Bill was difficult with craft, did he not have the self-awareness, the wherewithal to think, you know, this could come back to bite me in the ars. Really again, being nice and a little cooperative is not that difficult. Never goes outta style. And again, look at the Patriots. Last eight drafts, I, this is just my theory, but the last eight New England drafts were inept, embarrassing. And yet Nick Rio leaves New England, goes to Houston and he's been unbelievable in personnel moves.

1 (18m 53s):
How is that possible? He was in New England 'cause Bill waved him off and wouldn't listen enough. So football's a team sport. You know, bill didn't ingratiate himself to the crafts enough, Brady enough at the end he was a bit of a tyrant. And even for Julius Caesar, you'll get stabbed in the back at to Bill. That's, that's the way it works. Did Bill never When you lead and you have all the power and you keep your thumb on people once the winning dries up, don't be shocked if there's a little resentment. I don't feel sorry for Belichick Reap what you sow.

1 (19m 34s):
Jay Mac with the news.

10 (19m 36s):
No, no, no. Turn on the news.

2 (19m 38s):
This is the heard line news.

3 (19m 41s):
Well talk about raising the level of discourse in sports. You open the show with melancholy and now a Julius Caesar reference. I

1 (19m 48s):
Goodness. Anytime you can work Brutus into the show, I mean I, it's a little Latin me just too, we

3 (19m 52s):
Need, we need more of you watching five hours of hoops and knocking back a couple gin and tonics or whatever you drinking. Let's start with the Cowboys guys. Colin, this team man. So obviously they made the silly declaration, they'd be all in this off season, but so far the biggest splashes have been cornerback. Jordan Lewis and linebacker Eric Kendricks and an appearance on Dallas Local Radio. Steven Jones is still addressing the all-in claim.

11 (20m 20s):
When we're all said and done, we max out our salary cap every year and we will have done that. And you know what comes with having a good roster, which we do and you know, we also are looking towards signing our own guys. It doesn't mean it happens overnight, but when you're wanting to sign players like Dak and and Micah and CD, then you know that certainly you have to hold money back if you wanna have a realistic chance at signing those guys.

1 (20m 50s):
Yeah, you know, I understand the Cowboys are a big brand and people talk about 'em a lot. But is everybody ready for a reality check that we have seen the best of the Dallas Cowboys with Dak? You broke into the league, they had the best O line for about six years, six, seven years and Zeke was in his prime and the Amari Cooper team was pretty interesting and McCarthy over McDaniel gives him a little extra juice and energy. We have seen the best of this team. They do not have the cap space. They're going to pay Dak. You can't have a top five quarterback salary and win Super Bowls unless you have Mahomes. So just everybody bemoans the last seven, eight years with Dak, that was the best of it.

1 (21m 37s):
Just like Tony Romo. Everybody used to lament Tony Romo. You didn't appreciate the good years. By the end of it, Tony Romo was so beat up 'cause the old line was so bad for most of his tenure that you didn't appreciate Tony Romo when he was running around making plays and doing great things. By the end, the last year and a half, Tony was just, he didn't get D'S offensive line and we can bemoan Dak but you've seen the best of it. The free Dak for several years. Then the overpaid Dak but still pieces around him going forward. What happens when they have to move off Micah or they paid Dak and CD Lamb. So yeah, no more Tyron Smith left tackle to protect.

1 (22m 19s):
You're not gonna get a left tackle that good again. That's over. Tyron Smith is a once in a franchise. Left tackle, no franchise in NFL. History has two Tyron Smiths at left tackle. You get one of those. Yeah. Ever You get one like Aaron, Donald Lawrence Taylor Giants PBA Do's great. There are no more Lawrence Taylors New England will never get another Brady Rams will never get another Aaron Donald. You're never gonna gonna get another Tyron Smith at left tackle. Yeah, like that's the top five ever. Those days are over.

3 (22m 48s):
I think this is kind of on ownership, Colin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's usually how many times by the way, have the Niners ownership come out and talked about the Iuk situation? Zero. Why are the cowboys owners going on radio? 'cause they want to hear their voice. They wanna be out in the media. You know, there's a easy brief saying that sums up the Cowboys. Do more say less. Just stop talking. Yeah. Stop giving interviews. Stop talking. Stop putting pressure on your team. Same if

1 (23m 12s):
Same If you're a quarterback in New York on podcast, maybe a little less talking. That's a different story.

3 (23m 16s):
What? What'd you have to do that we're not talking about that. At least not on my watch. Next up, let's go to the draft. Very interesting scenario unfolding in Washington. So they have the number two pick and according to Albert Breer Washington hosted Jayden McDaniel, or sorry, Jaden Daniels, Drake May, JJ McCarthy, Michael Pennix, and 16 other prospects at the same time this week they started yesterday, they went to Topgolf as a group and now they're gonna do it today at the facility. This is kind of interesting. I like what Adam Peters is doing, right? He had done something like this in San Francisco where he is bringing in a group to try to see how things go. How guys work together. Yeah. Or against each other.

3 (23m 57s):
I don't hate this strategy. I think it's fascinating.

1 (23m 59s):
Anytime you go to top golf, it's a good decision. There's no losers in that equation. Yeah, but you,

3 (24m 3s):
You go to top golf and you're going with a guy who you're competing against to go higher in the draft. You're like looking over your shoulder.

1 (24m 8s):
Yeah. But what if that guy gets to go to somebody like, you know, a better operation One, one of those guys gets to go to Sean Peyton. One of them gets to go to the commanders. So I mean it, it depends on where you land.

3 (24m 20s):
Yeah. Well Cliff Kingsbury is, I think well, well liked among young quarterbacks.

1 (24m 24s):
Right? Good. Very good play caller. Yeah.

3 (24m 25s):
Yeah. I think this is it. I think Washington is the spot you

1 (24m 30s):
Would this well you I Washington this over New England heartbeat. You and I said, I mean there's, there's certain things we know to be true. The most talked about draft picks gonna be Caleb Williams. But the Bears only right now have like four draft picks. The chargers want to move down and if they do, they have a chance to win the draft because of Harbaugh's understanding of college personnel. So my guess is there's two or three teams like Arizona's got a lot of picks. We're gonna love their draft. The Chargers, Harbaugh, we're gonna love their draft. The Bears are gonna get talked about a lot. The commanders have made a massive executive ownership coaching shift. If Jayden Daniels is as good as I think by Commander Stock for the next decade, they will not get the publicity because the Bears quarterback selection will trump everything and Harbaugh's selection and is gonna get massive news.

1 (25m 26s):
But the winner in this draft may end up being just keep your eye. The commanders have some nice defensive pieces. Excellent wide receivers, winnable division with Dak. Now about to get with Jalen Hurtz the bag. Jalen just got it. Daks gonna get another and they're gonna have a quarterback on that rookie contract. Yeah. By the way, Daniel Jones overpaid Dak probably overpaid Jalen Hurtz highly paid one team in that division's gonna have a quarterback and a rookie contract the Washington Commanders and they're gonna load up for the next four years around Jaden Daniels. That's gonna be the team to watch.

1 (26m 6s):
I

3 (26m 6s):
You're very high on him. I'm, I'm less high. This idea that like all the four quarterbacks could be in a setting. Right. And Washington's looking for little things that, one of the good stories I heard from Sanchez is that, you know, he would go to the combine and all the quarterbacks are hanging out and you know, the kind of the alpha kind of emerges from the crew who's like the cool guy and as more, more just gravitation people wanna be around him. He's telling funny jokes. He's a big dude. And I wonder of these four quarterbacks who that guy is where they're like, Hey, we're going for a ride. Alright, take, lemme get the,

1 (26m 37s):
Well Caleb Williams is that guy.

3 (26m 38s):
Well he, he's not in this group though. He's that's what I'm saying. He separate. So now it's like May McCarthy Daniels or Pennix and I, I don't know if any of those guys are

1 (26m 48s):
Got Well it is that good Will Levis would be that guy in last year's draft. What does that mean? I don't need, I don't need an, that's if, if you were a quarterback, and that's what I think's funny about this Bo Nicks is fat. Like Bo Nicks and Pennix are interesting. They're gonna drop, meaning they're probably gonna go to better teams. Wouldn't you wanna go to Denver with Peyton or Miami with McDaniel or Seattle now with great wide receivers. What's funny about that, and I think about this, teams always wanna bring the players in to sort of manipulate the players and watch the players. But if I was a player going to Washington and thought Dan Quinn got fired once, I mean Cliff Kingsbury, I like him, but I don't know the o line's bad. There's no run game. I think I'd step back and let the other guys be alpha and impressive and drop Deshaun Peyton drop to Mike McDaniel.

1 (27m 32s):
Okay,

3 (27m 32s):
That's fair. One of the good stories that I remember reading about Deshaun Watson when he was going on recruiting trips and he would like go, I think he went to Clemson on a recruiting trip and everybody went to sit next to him. Like they wanna hang out with him. And other trips you hear about quarterbacks, they go to the cafeteria and like they're on a recruiting trip, they're like kind of hanging by themself. They're not ingratiating themself with a team. 'cause they may be a little nervous high school kids. But you want that guy who people wanna be around. And I just don't know enough about Daniels. He had that Arizona State thing where he was like, okay, he wasn't the guy.

1 (28m 4s):
Well okay, let's be fair.

3 (28m 5s):
I know that was like three years ago,

1 (28m 6s):
But it was Herm Edwards a defensive coach. They had no players. I mean come on. He they did. They, they had the eight best roster in that conference. I watched him play at Arizona State. I thought he was excellent. I watched him as a true freshman. I set it on the air when he went to L-S-U-L-S-U just got a great quarterback. I got nothing but pushback from Arizona State fans and LSU fans. I said I watched him. He was very good at Arizona State by the way,

3 (28m 30s):
Speaking of him, I'm curious if you give Drake May the star receivers and neighbors and Thomas who are first round picks, if you give them to Drake May, how good does Drake may look?

1 (28m 39s):
Well, we don't know that. We, we, we don't know that. I mean, LSU had great receivers forever. Yeah. Only Joe Burrow was unbelievable. There's a reason. Yeah. Joe Burrow's unbelievable. Michael

3 (28m 50s):
Pennix had two guys who were gonna be drafted early rounds. How many did Drake may, I just thought I put

1 (28m 56s):
That out there. What, what is your point?

3 (28m 57s):
Well, I I just think people are undervaluing. Drake may because he played at North Carolina in like a weekly,

1 (29m 2s):
I don't think, listen, if you have a chance to go second in the draft, who's undervaluing it?

3 (29m 6s):
No,

1 (29m 7s):
He's not Caleb Williams as a prospect. No. So if he goes two or three, he hasn't been undervalued. We're just being, well you

3 (29m 13s):
Just said there's a huge difference going Washington to Cliff or New England

1 (29m 16s):
To DOA. Well that, but, but there's not a big difference going second or third. You're making a case that he's being undervalued. He's undervalued. If he goes 28, no, but if he goes third it's like, well Jayden Daniels moves better than him and was a much more accurate thrower of the football consistently. So I would take Jayden Daniels over Drake may even though Drake May's got the physical traits I like.

3 (29m 38s):
Okay, fair enough. Final story. Let's go back to Zion Williamson. Man, this is, this is sad. So he put up 40, 11 and five assists last night. Totally took over in The. fourth quarter LeBron couldn't stop him. Ad could not stop him. And then he had a drive late where he puts in this floater lands and just comes up LA and then he like moves, unclear

1 (29m 57s):
What it was. Now watch him, there's

3 (29m 58s):
A one report that it was a hamstring injury. I didn't see him grab the back of his leg or

1 (30m 2s):
Anything. I couldn't figure it

3 (30m 3s):
Out. So is it a foot, is it a knee? You know,

1 (30m 5s):
It's funny. Before the game, Barkley was critical of him in the pregame show saying he needs to go out and score 40. I don't wanna hear any excuses. Go get 40. And he did. He did.

3 (30m 14s):
He just, I'll go get a 40 piece. Here's Coach Willie Green on Zion

12 (30m 18s):
Right now. We know his, his left leg soreness and he's gonna get some imaging on it tomorrow and we'll, we'll figure out more. That's the report that I got back. I haven't seen talked to him or anything like that. But we'll see how we fi we'll see what happens tomorrow when we get the results back. It was tough to, to see him go down, you know, we're all praying and hoping that he's okay. But he was battling, he was going and the team was, was right there with him. So it, it is tough. We'll see what happens and we'll go from there.

3 (30m 52s):
So I don't think they got a chance against the Kings without Zion. No. Oh, by the way, Brandon Ingram benched in The fourth quarter. He was, I don't know if he's still hurt. CJ McCollum was abysmal without Zion. They got no shot.

1 (31m 5s):
Yeah. I mean Sacramento, everybody loved last year they got beaten seven by the Warriors. I don't know, I think it's a pretty good suit. We'll see, we'll see. It's a pretty good series.

3 (31m 14s):
Yeah, I know you're not gonna do a lot more on the Kings 'cause I light the beam, but the guy that watched there is Keegan Murray.

1 (31m 19s):
Yeah, no, he's a very good young player.

3 (31m 20s):
He's a good American player by the way. A very fundamentally sound hitting the three No flash in his game. No Kyrie layup package. No, no. Just locked down. Defender. Great defender. Yeah. Great

1 (31m 31s):
Shooter. Have good players. I, I see, you know what they remind me of a poor man Celtics. So like Tatum's better than dn. Jalen Brown's better than Saboni. I think the Celtics have two A players and b plus players. Joe Holiday, Pingus, I think the Kings have one. A player DN Fox. And then everybody else is a B player. Now is Keegan Murray a b plus player? Is he becoming that? There's certainly an argument to be made people like Saboni, but I feel like they're kind of like Boston in the west where I think they have an excellent starting five. I really like them. I just think Boston's got a little better player across the board and Boston doesn't have a title yet. So it's not that I don't like Sacramento. I, I, I, again, Boston's got two stars.

1 (32m 13s):
They have one and I think Ingas Drew Holiday, I take over Ke Keegan Murray and, and Simon at this point. Harrison Barnes, Derek White. So it's, I, it's not that I don't like Sacramento. I watched them all last night. I watched them last year. I watched them 5, 6, 7 times this year. I like them. I don't see them as championship caliber. By

3 (32m 30s):
The way, one final word on Zion, when he's dominating the Lakers. Did you get the idea? Damn, how is he not in consideration for team USA basketball? Why, why wouldn't he be on the team? I mean, he looked unstoppable against a defensive player of the year candidate in Anthony Davis. Like I thought Zion should have got Team USA

1 (32m 49s):
When he, when he gets a match up consideration, when he gets a matchup advantage and he's coming into the lane. You can't stop him. Do you see LeBron take the charge from him now LeBron is six, eight and a half, two 50. He folded like a deck chair when Zion hit him. I mean, it was like, it was like A-A-A-A-A dog run over a napkin holder at full speed. She's the stuff flying everywhere. Yeah. And I'm like, Zion's a, he can be the truth physically, he

3 (33m 13s):
Could just stay healthy. There

1 (33m 14s):
Is nothing like him. He is just bulldozed. LeBron j LeBron took two charges last night in year 20, whatever. And

3 (33m 22s):
It, it showed in The fourth quarter when he was one of eight shooting,

1 (33m 25s):
He was caught. Yeah. Jay Mac with the news.

3 (33m 29s):
Well that's the news and thanks for stopping by. I got

1 (33m 31s):
Some stuff today. Lie news. So you don't want to talk about that Aaron Rogers podcast appearance. The media gets so mad. I always find this funny whenever Aaron does like, you know, one of his conspiracy theories things, the media gets frustrated, but you gotta remember something. Aaron is single, never married, no kids, doesn't connect with his family. I've been told he sends presents back. He's got nobody to call him out in his crap. I'm not joking. He's got nobody to call him out in his crap. He's rich, single, never married, no kids. My wife would call me out. I mean I, I'd get a phone call and I mean, just so that's the first thing. The second thing is everybody, your neighbors got conspiracy theories. People always had them, but the only people that knew were family members.

1 (34m 13s):
You'd have to hear 'em on Thanksgiving or Christmas. Now you have ig, you have Twitter, you have X, you have TikTok, you have podcasts. So you hear everybody's conspiracy theories. So the media is always banging on Aaron for his conspiracy theories. And my takeaway is you do get your neighbors the same guy. It used to be if you had a conspiracy theory outside of family, maybe, maybe in the neighborhood you'd be like, yeah, Bob's a little crazy. He thinks he thinks men didn't land on the moon. It was shot in Hollywood. There'd always be that guy.

3 (34m 39s):
But he didn't have a platform.

1 (34m 40s):
He didn't have a platform. Now all the conspiracy people have platform. They've always existed. And by the way, there are conspiracies that are true right there, there, there. And I'm not a conspiracy theory guy at all, but you know, there was the, it was a theory that cigarettes were really bad for you. Oh. And all the executives for years knew. We found out cigarettes are really bad for you. So there have been a few that have been, but you know, man didn't land on the moon. That's cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.

3 (35m 11s):
The root of this is not everybody should have a platform. 'cause now you're putting all this nonsense out there and it's just cluttering the internet and you know what's gonna rise from the top crack?

1 (35m 19s):
Well usually CEOs, public officials don't go on platforms to tell you conspiracy theories. You know, the president of American Airlines probably gonna stay off the internet even if he believes something. But Aaron's different. Again, never married no kids. Nobody in a family to call him out. He's not a CEO. He's kind of a, you know, I mean he's got his money. Yeah. And he's rich and he's single and, and and, and so when he comes out, the media's always like, this guy's crazy. You better be comfortable with conspiracy theories. 'cause over half of America, or roughly half thinks the election was rich.

3 (35m 53s):
And that's, that's the problem. You've got Carnival Barkers like Elon Musk saying nonsense 24 7. And guess what? They're signaling to their tribe. Hey, I really know the truth. Come listen

1 (36m 2s):
To me. Well, all conspiracy theories start with this sentence. I do my own homework. Oh boy. But I'm saying is this has existed my entire life. Nobody had platforms. If you would've been a conspiracy theorist 50 years ago and sent a letter to the local newspaper, they wouldn't have published it in the letters to the editor. They would've been like, Bob Zako throw it out. Now he goes on TikTok or IG or his podcast or something and says it Twitter, x whatever it's called. And you have it. So the idea that Aaron is in a small group of conspiracy theorists, it's an industry conspiracy. Theorists are, this is an industry now that makes lots of money.

3 (36m 43s):
Can we just blame the internet for all this? No,

1 (36m 45s):
I mean the internet, it's like everything else. There's a duality.

3 (36m 47s):
I mean, I got paid thanks to the internet with the website. Listen,

1 (36m 49s):
There's, it's, it's, there's a good and bad to everything. This idea, there's a church in America does a lot of good things. Church in America, Catholic church, we've had scandals. There is no perfect place. Family. I love my family. They also drive me nuts, right? Like everybody says that during the holidays. So, you know, I mean it's just downside to the internet is there's a lot of vile stuff on there. There's terrible racism, there's trolling and, and just awful to women. And, but there are amazing things happening that I can know. Literally go on Amazon yesterday and order four things. I ordered a book, I ordered some stuff for my Nespresso machine and it's here. Like I feel, swear to God it's here six hours later.

1 (37m 29s):
So,

3 (37m 30s):
But like when you're rooting for a team like the Jets, I mean I'll take Jared Goff in a heartbeat. Let's just do that swap right now. Rogers for Goff, please. Well of course Jared Goff's not gonna say stupid stuff co be

1 (37m 40s):
In the news, just this, whatever this is part Green Bay is laughing at all this. They

3 (37m 44s):
Are, they're getting a big laugh. And Jets fans are just,

1 (37m 47s):
Green Bay is howling at this stuff. But that's, you know, you knew it when you're a desperate franchise. You knew this is what you were getting, I guess

3 (37m 56s):
Get into the Super Bowl and it's all good. Aaron, I've follow

1 (37m 57s):
It. Well my original take was the media just attacks Aaron, when he does this, I look at it as content and I also look at it as this is your neighbor. He just doesn't have a podcast. Half of this country thinks the election rig. Ha I mean you'd be amazed and it's just not crazy people, it's people you work with. Just most people don't go online and talk about it.

3 (38m 19s):
Are you trying to signal to me people you work with? Are you trying to say something here? Geez, where were you on January 6th?

1 (38m 26s):
It was my birthday. I was home. It

7 (38m 29s):
Is. Be sure to catch live editions of the herd weekdays at noon eastern 9:00 AM Pacific two

13 (38m 34s):
NBA insiders podcasting twice a week to plug you right into the NBA grapevine

14 (38m 40s):
All happening in only one place. This league uncut the new NBA podcast with me, Chris Hayes

13 (38m 47s):
And me Mark Stein.

14 (38m 49s):
Join us as we team up to expound on everything we're covering, hearing and chasing. Listen

13 (38m 55s):
To this league uncut with Chris Haynes and Mark Stein

14 (38m 58s):
On the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

1 (39m 4s):
The 82 game preseason is in the books. It's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any of the NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA from the play in tournament through the finals. Draftking Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays live betting odds, boosts and more. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. The code is heard. New customers bet five and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. 200. That's code heard only on DraftKings The. crown is yours.

0 (39m 40s):
Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit www.one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and Y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. C dk G dot coast slash B ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

8 (40m 13s):
This is Holly Fry from stuff you Missed in History class. It's a great day to venture out in a spacious and capable Toyota SUV. Like a new RAV4 with available all-wheel drive. It can go basically anywhere and with tons of passenger and cargo space. You'll go from morning carpool to weekend road trip without missing a beat. Plus with available features like wireless charging, your Toyota RAV4 will keep you connected wherever you land. Or check out a spacious Highlander with seating for up to eight and plenty of tech. It's a hub for family adventure. You'll drive in comfort and style with available heated and ventilated seats and all the latest tech. And with available hybrid models, your new Highlander can save you tons on gas.

8 (40m 56s):
Right now your local Toyota dealer has tons of vehicles in stock and is making deliveries on new vehicles almost every day. So don't wait. Buy a RAV4 or Highlander today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.

1 (41m 15s):
Thank you to our friends at Panini America. The official trading cards and NFTs of the 2024 Colin Coward draft coverage. Panini America delivers a premier collecting experience with the most sought after N-F-L-N-B-A, FIFA and WNBA trading cards. Whether you're chasing rookie sensations or collecting timeless legends paninis. Got it. Panini America is also breaking new ground in NIL featuring some of the biggest names in college sports, like all time NCAA scoring leader, Caitlyn Clark, angel Reese, and many of the upcoming NFL and NBA first round picks. If you're into cutting edge digital collectibles, don't miss paninis NFT platform@nftpaniniamerica.net with some of the first opportunities to collect this year's rookie class.

1 (42m 5s):
Whether you're a collector of physical cards or a digital enthusiast panini has you covered, check out the most popular trading card brands like Prism, select Don Russ, and more for those NFL draft fans. Get realtime trading cards after players are picked with Panini Instant cards, celebrating the biggest sports moments on cards right after they happen. Visit panini america.net or download the panini direct app today. Panini America, the official trading cards and NFTs of the Colin Coward draft coverage

3 (42m 36s):
Fox. The United Football League continues with hard hitting action as the Michigan Panthers battle, the San Antonio Braas or the DC Defenders take on the Birmingham stallions check local listings for the game in your area.

1 (42m 54s):
So this is pretty amazing. Michael Rubin owns, runs founded a company called Fanatics, Kaitlyn Clark, number one pick to the Indiana Fever. Her Indiana Fever jerseys, according to the CEO of fanatics, sold more on draft night than any player in any sport in the company's history like, like more than Brady, more than Mahomes Holmes. So that tells you Caitlyn Clark's drawing power. I'll say it again. Her jersey sold more on draft night, not after a championship on draft night.

1 (43m 36s):
More than any player in any sport in the company's history. Fanatic sells everything. So Caitlyn Clark, it's a movement. And that movement is to support not only Caitlyn, but women's sports and women's basketball. You know, I've watched my entire life men get rich and famous and worshiped and awarded for being good at sports. Not always terribly grateful. There is something that feels good about supporting Caitlyn Clark. And when you buy a jersey, you wanna be part of something. It makes you feel something. And I think it's that it's not her religion, it's not her Instagram. It's not edited, it's not her attitude, it's not her personality.

1 (44m 18s):
It's wholesome. It's her game. It's great. And she's grateful. It's authentic, unedited. It feels cool. It's a little like Taylor Swift. You know, Taylor Swift. And Kaitlyn Clark. Really high expectations and they never let you down. They're unifier. They're not dividers. And in a world where politicians are making big promises, she makes none. She just delivers every time. And it's better like a Taylor Swift concert than you ever would've guessed. And so the WNBA draft television ratings came out yesterday. I mean, I'm looking at this graph, it's like it's insane.

1 (44m 58s):
10 times higher than previous drafts in the WNBA. And here's Caitlyn Clark now a member of the Fever.

16 (45m 7s):
I'm super happy to be here. Thank you. Of the fever, the Pacers. This is a dream come true at times. Like it doesn't feel real, is like the biggest thing. I feel like I'm kind of stuck in a dream at times. But I don't know. I think the biggest thing, like I try to remember is like how grateful I am to have this opportunity. And you know, there's so many people that would kill to be in my shoes when things seem like they're long and they're tired and I have to do this and I have to do that. I just try to remind myself of how grateful I am and like I get these opportunities, you know, I'm, I'm lucky to have these moments.

1 (45m 38s):
Great and grateful are really powerful. We were talking about this yesterday, you know, I, I think about who was really, really popular in like the sixties and the seventies. Eighties. And it comes from all directions. I remember Jay Max not gonna like this, there's a late pitcher named Mark Friedrich, Detroit Tigers. He was a very quirky personality. He had all these weird mannerisms on the man, I think he's passed away, but he got really popular. And then there's sort of like Jeremy Lin who got popular for a month, but we really didn't think it would last long. His game wasn't good enough. Tim Tebow was wildly popular for about two years.

1 (46m 19s):
It was his religion, not his game. I think one of the things with Caitlyn Clark is it's just her game. It it's, I mean, nice enough personality. It's not a religion thing, it's not an IG thing. She's not selling us anything. She's really, really great, really grateful. And I, you know, I think those are really powerful mechanisms for popularity. But a lot of the people that have gotten popular, like a Jeremy Lin won't last. The game's not good enough. Or Tebow at the NFL. His game's not good enough. Mark Friedrichs, the late great pitcher, he was quirky, but you know, his game didn't endure. I don't know WNBA talent well enough to project how good she's going to be at the next level.

1 (47m 1s):
I'm gonna make a guess. She'll be the best shooter in the league. You know, Jim Fette was a great shooter in college. Didn't translate that. I could have guessed. I think she'll be a dominant score very quickly. But I have, I mean, that would be my guess. I mean, if you can shoot from where she shoots from and handle the ball, like she handles the ball. I mean, you know, Tebow was popular but it was a religion thing and the truth was Tim couldn't make certain throws up the field. Slow release, didn't have the arm. I don't know how great she's gonna be. I mean, what's the projection? Is she going to be the best player in the league soon? Does she project as that the best scorer?

1 (47m 42s):
But I I, I do think, you know, middle of the, I've said this before with Patrick Mahomes and Brett Fav, there is some value to me in being right in the middle of the country. The Midwest is seen as important, but often fly over country. Don't get the attention of the coasts. I do think if she played, you know, maybe for St John's or something, it wouldn't be as embraceable. It's cool that it's Iowa. It's cool that she's like, you know, an underdog even though she's great. Is is the projection She's going to be great. I have no idea with WNBA draft prospects. Yeah.

3 (48m 17s):
I mean what may MVP candidate in two years? Like, I, I think that's reasonable. Right? Well,

1 (48m 22s):
I mean, listen is is in the NBA, I mean, you run outta players by about the 11th pick and even sometimes the great players like a yoic is a second rounder and develops into it. I she's fourth right now. Okay. I was just told this. She is fourth in the MVP odds. Now again, it it, it should be noted, unlike men's college basketball, she's played for a long time. Yep. So she comes in with a lot of experience.

3 (48m 52s):
She's gonna have to adapt to a more physical pro game. Right. But the biggest thing that I think people are missing is she was playing with like, mostly just regular college basketball players that I, she wasn't with a stacked Yukon team or South Carolina where it's all future pros. Once she gets around all pros, I don't see why she won't dominate the game. Yeah. Lead the league and assist and yeah,

1 (49m 11s):
It, it's, I think if you can handle the ball like that and shoot like that at any level, you're gonna score. And if you score, you've got tremendous value in basketball. Alright, hour one is down. We're just starting. What to do with Clay Thompson and the Warriors? Where does he go? What do they do? That's next. Hi, let's talk about ProPlan Sport. ProPlan Sport is advanced nutrition made to fuel strength and stamina in active dogs like yours. So wherever your next journey together takes, you started off right with the high performance fuel, your dog needs to keep pushing you every step of the way. ProPlan Sport. Learn more@proplansport.com.

1 (49m 54s):
This festival and concert season will be all about the boots and Kovas is your stop before attending your next concert. All Kovas boots are made by hand in a time honored tradition with timeless styles that are always on trend. And Kovas has first wear comfort with little to no break in period. Stop by your local store, have a complimentary drink, and shop new styles. I love it. If you can't make it to a store, just visit Tecovas dot com. Stores are great. But it's T-E-C-O-V-A s.com And find your new favorite pair of boots today.

17 (50m 31s):
This is Malcolm Gladwell from Revisionist History. eBay Motors is here for the ride with some elbow grease, fresh installs, and a whole lot of love. You transform a hundred thousand miles and a body full of rust into a drive. That's all your own brake kits. LED, headlights, whatever you need. eBay motors has it. And with eBay guaranteed fit, it's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time, every time, or your money back. Plus at these prices keep burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive@ebaymotors.com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.