Blue Nile (0s):
Why wait to see if you'll get something you like This Valentine's Day when you can go to blue nile.com and find something you'll love, whether you're looking to treat yourself to a little winter sparkle or show a gallatine how much you appreciate them. Blue Nile offers a wide selection of high quality designs, expert guidance, and free 30 day returns For the ultimate peace of mind. You can even design your own jewelry right now. Save up to 50 percent@bluenile.com. That's blue nile.com.

1 (33s):
I'm Relentless Can you. I'm good. It's time to cash in moment. m Relentless Here we go. This

2 (58s):
Is the Skip Bayla Show. Episode 98. This is always, is the un undisputed everything I cannot share with you during the debate show. That is undisputed. Today I will respond to Micah Parsons, profane, savage and scathing tweet aimed at me. Today. I will allow you all of you out there once again to rip me and my football team the Dallas Cowboys again, because we deserve it. But. today I will tell you why I was so right about Baker Mayfield.

2 (1m 44s):
And today I will tell you about the greatest sports movie that never got made because I was in the middle of it. And today I will tell you what happened the next time I played the same hole upon which I had my first and probably last hole in one. And today I will tell you about the one Dallas cowboy jersey. I will never, ever throw in the trash. But before I get to Micah Parsons, first up, as always, it is not to be skipped.

2 (2m 24s):
I have something I would like to divulge. Maybe some of you more astute viewers this week have noticed that something looks a little different about undisputed. Maybe even now as you watch me as I tape this podcast on Wednesday, maybe it feels a little bit different. Maybe it looks just slightly off different. It's because I'm doing it from home. It's because I've been doing undisputed from home. That's because I have COVID once again for my second time.

2 (3m 5s):
I have Covid. Maybe if you wanna be a little more in depth about it. I caught Cowboy Covid last week. My theory is that the Dallas Cowboys destroyed me to such a point, to such a depth that they shredded my immune system. Just the way my defense got shredded by Jordan Love and the Green Bay Packers. I was so down, I was so low that I was even more susceptible than ever to Covid.

2 (3m 46s):
I actually got boosted, I don't know, six weeks ago I got the latest Moderna booster, but my immune system was so low, so shattered, so shredded by my Dallas Cowboys that I caught cowboy covid. So it started during last Friday's show, felt a little scratch my throat. I wielded it away. I said, no, I know. No, no show ended. Little Wayne is always was there on Friday, getting ready to head to San Francisco to watch his Green Bay Packers play the San Francisco 49 ERs on Saturday night.

2 (4m 33s):
And as always, Wayne and I sit at the debate desk, the Undisputed desk as Colin Coward show launches across the floor from us. So he goes live. As we hand off to him, the lights go down on this side of the floor. And Wayne and I sit side by side at the debate desk, whispering to each other this way, whispering this way, whispering, catching up, talking about tomorrow night, whispering. We must have whispered to each other so as not to disturb Colin for 30 minutes.

2 (5m 14s):
So we talked about tomorrow night's game. How you doing? How you doing? What's happening? This is happening. How's Ernestine? How's this? How's the back and forth we go. 30 minutes we talked. And later on Friday night, as I finally broke down and tested, and Ernestine, my wife said, oh my God, youve got it again. She is covid crazed, covid, paranoid. My first thought was, oh my God, I gave it to Wayne. Fortunately, that was not the case.

2 (5m 54s):
Fortunately, I didn't give it to any of my coworkers that I know of. But late Friday night, I just finally said, not feeling great. We tested, what is it? I I didn't look at it. She did it. What does it come up? Pink or whatever the home test says. I had covid. I didn't feel that bad. Saturday I began to cough Sunday. I coughed my brains out. But fortunately, we were able through our doctor here in Los Angeles, Dr. Cole, we appreciate you.

2 (6m 39s):
I got some prescription cough medicine, Vicodin. It's powerful, potent. And I took a swig of that Sunday night leading into Monday. And it wiped out my cough. I did not cough From that moment forward, I have not coughed once. I feared doing the show on Monday because I feared I would cough. But when I woke up Monday, no cough, didn't feel all that bad. And it dawned on me that in the old days, pre covid, when I got my twice a year sinus infection, all that junk and gunk in my throat, I, I just went on.

2 (7m 26s):
I don't know how many times I had some upper respiratory infection, some cough and cold draining, some lung, something I had pneumonia once. Back in my Dallas days, I don't know how many times I just kept going. I don't know how many times I went to press boxes to cover games. I don't know how many times I went to newspapers to type my column. I don't know how many times I went to TV studios. How many times did I get sick during the cold pizza days in New York? I just kept going. I did not miss a show.

2 (8m 7s):
I went in with my infection because that's just what you did. I did not think once about my coworkers. I'm sure I infected many of my coworkers, but that was not the mindset of those times. My mindset was pull yourself up by your bootstraps and tough it out. And by God, I did never missed a day. No matter how sick I got, I fought through it. And all of a sudden life has changed. Now with COVID it is so contagious. At least that's what we're told and what I believe it is so contagious.

2 (8m 52s):
I don't wanna put my teammates at risk. So Monday, I easily could have gone into the stu easily. I I felt strong. I I feel strong. Now. I did not miss a single workout. I did my one hour of cardio on last Saturday morning. On Sunday morning, on Monday morning, Tuesday, Wednesday, I did my one hour of cardio. On Monday evening, I lifted weights hard. I felt great. I was shocked at how strong I felt. My spirit, my energy are at 100% levels.

2 (9m 32s):
I have con constantly tested my temperature, no temperature, no fever. I have constantly tested my lungs with a little apparatus that Ernestine bought. 'cause Dr. Cole says, need to make sure you don't, your lung isn't affected. It's supposed to be 97. I don't know what this thing is. I constantly hit 97, 98. My lungs are strong, but I'm still draining. Even as I speak right now, I still have a little mucus occasionally in my throat. So I fight it. Dr. Cole gave me a z-pack of antibiotic to fight whatever infection. 'cause this thing went right into sort of sinus infection.

2 (10m 14s):
And I had the junk and gunk in my throat, cough it up and spit it out. I know this is too much information, I'm just telling you what my symptoms have been. But no cough, no fever, strong, not affected overall by this. Able to go into the studio. Can't go into the studio. So now here we are again at home, home Studio, Ernestine operating as my audio tech because she has to come out in the mornings. We kick off, as you know, at 6:30 AM out here in LA Pacific time, nine 30 eastern on undisputed.

2 (10m 56s):
We go live. And I'm sitting right here in this chair because she has put my earpiece in and micd me up for Undisputed as she just did for the podcast. The problem is, the last thing in the whole world, Ernestine wants is Covid the last thing in the world. She is covid like mental. And I honor that because it has helped protect me through the pandemic over these low four years that we've been fighting with this. The problem is that it's just Ernestine and I and our daughter, Hazel, our little Maltese.

2 (11m 37s):
And Ernestine is convinced I cannot see Hazel because she could get covid. I, I don't know that for a fact, but that's what Ernestine tells me because that's what the internet says. I guess we should read our internet Bible and always take it to our bank, Ernestine. But that's what she tells me. So I'm outta my mind because since last Friday night, she has not let me even get close to Hazel. I can't even say hi from a distance to Hazel. And I'm very attached to Hazel. So it's eating my heart out not to see my daughter, Hazel I, am quarantined, I am a leper, I, am stuck in my office where I sleep, eat.

2 (12m 18s):
She brings my food to the door, knocks on the door and puts it down. I'm a leper. I I am contaminated, I am contained in my office except when she lets me out to do my podcast or to do the morning undisputed. But to her credit, she puts on a hazmat suit with like nine masks in these thick, heavy, weird glasses. I didn't know if she owned these glasses to cover her eyes. And she gets like at arm's length and she tries to hook me up. She put my chain on way to go. Ernestine, she does the best she can do, do under the circumstances because it's just the two of us.

2 (12m 58s):
And Hazel. And I don't think Hazel as smart as she is, could mic me up and put my earpiece in. I might underestimate her though because she amazes me. The problem is I'm still draining. So to be able to do undisputed and to be able to make sure that I don't cough during undisputed in the mornings, I've been taking two things on top of my Z-Pak of antibiotics. I'm taking Sudafed and I'm taking Mucinex to dry me up. So new issue has arisen for me on undisputed that I have never faced in my lengthy TV career.

2 (13m 48s):
I run for an hour from two 30 to three 30, then I eat a little breakfast and I take my medicine. So I take my antibiotic, my Sudafed and my Mucinex. So now I'm already dehydrated. I'm trying to rehydrate and I'm taking two pills that dehydrate me even more. And this is to clear me up, but the problem is now I think I need to drink way more than I ever drink before and during shows. In fact, I need to take a drink now 'cause I'm getting a little cotton mouthy.

2 (14m 29s):
Thank you. And the more I drink, the more my system is screwed up to the point that believe me, until this past Monday in all the years, what, 35 years that I have done TV shows in all the years, let's see, 12 years on ESPN that I did cold pizza slash first take in the going on eight years here at fss. One that I've done undisputed, not once, not once in my entire TV career have I ever needed to use the restroom during a show.

2 (15m 11s):
Not one time because I prepare for it. I do my business before the show. I make sure that my system is evened out where I can make it through two and a half hours of undisputed without needing to run to the bathroom because there's not a real nearby handy bathroom on the second floor of the FFS one studios that you can navigate to quickly in a break of undisputed. So I don't do it because I I don't need to. I've never even thought about it until Monday show, which I'm doing from home. And all of a sudden my system got so outta whack from hydrate, dehydrate, hydrate dehydrate p Sudafed, Mucinex Cardio Sudafed.

2 (15m 60s):
It it, it got so outta whack that I realized at eight 30 Pacific time, 1130 eastern with 30 minutes to go and undisputed, I glanced at the clock and I realized there's no way I'm gonna make 30 more minutes without having to pee. As Ernestine says, as she says, quickly pee. My bladder was about to burst the, the pain threshold mine's high was excruciating to where I told my producer Nick, through my earpiece and through my microphone back to the FOX Studios, Nick, I I'm gonna have to make a run for it.

2 (16m 44s):
Well, this is gonna require me to try to, to get Ernestine to come out of hiding to, with her hazmat suit back on and her nine masks and her giant glasses to unhook me so that I can run. I can't do it myself 'cause she's gonna have to hook me back up and I'm gonna have to make a run for the bathroom. And this was the second to last break of the show. And I did make a run. And it was a four and a half minute break. And I swear, forgive my language, I, I peed for three and a half straight minutes. Out of the four and a half minute break, I peed. I just constantly peed for three and a half minutes. I've, I've never peed that long in my whole life.

2 (17m 24s):
It just kept peeing and peeing and peeing. I just said, this is unbelievable. This is a record. I wish I could've like maybe measured how much pee it was. Sorry for that, but, but it would've been my all-time record pee. And I made it back with 45 seconds to spare. I made it back. Ernestine, God bless her, she hooked me all back up and I was ready to go. And I made it through the rest of the show, which I would not have endured without taking my first ever pee break in the history of my time on television. Thank you, Sudafed. Thank you Mucinex, thank you Cowboy.

2 (18m 4s):
COVID. I have it. I'm fighting with it. I hope to go back into studio tomorrow, which would be Thursday, but I, I won't know until tonight. I'll test again. See if I can test cleanly this time. I guess you have to test negative. I'm almost backwards on positive negative. It seems like if you're a positive, you'd be okay. But I, I need to be clean of COVID and maybe tonight please God, I will be.

Indeed (18m 34s):
We're driven by the search for better. But when it comes to hiring, the best way to search for a candidate isn't a search at all. Don't search match with Indeed. If you need to hire, you need Indeed. Indeed is your matching and hiring platform with over 350 million global monthly visitors according to Indeed data and a matching engine that helps you find quality candidates fast. Ditch the busy work, use Indeed for scheduling, screening and messaging so you can connect with candidates faster. And Indeed doesn't just help you hire faster. 93% of employers agree Indeed delivers the highest quality matches compared to other job sites. According to a recent Indeed survey, join more than 3.5 million businesses worldwide that use Indeed to hire great talent fast. And listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your job more visibility and Indeed dot com slash Bayless. Just go to Indeed dot com slash Bayless right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast, Indeed dot com slash Bayless terms and conditions apply.

3 (19m 36s):
Need to hire you need Indeed.

2 (19m 40s):
Alright, I just mentioned the Dallas Cowboys. So moments after, I can barely speak about it. That all time Cowboy disaster at the hands of the Green Bay Packers. A week ago Sunday, I fired off a barrage of tweets, one of which was, and I quote, I can't wait for Micah Parsons podcast tomorrow.

2 (20m 22s):
That's what he does best. I was beside myself. I was distraught, I was discombobulated. My psyche was annihilated. And that was just one of a barrage of tweets aimed at my Dallas Cowboys who had let me down in ways never, ever before imagined, man. So as you might know, I have consistently criticized Micah Parsons for his podcast too much too soon.

2 (21m 10s):
I love Micah as a player, but I don't love it, especially when he criticizes other teams and other players too much too soon. And my question has been from the start, Micah, do you want to be a commentator or a game record because your cart before horse first, you game wreck. First you establish your Hall of Fame, career path. First Maybe, you win one ring, then you can podcast, then you can make commercials, then you can be whatever you want to be.

2 (21m 56s):
But first you establish who you are as a football player, something you haven't yet done, even as we speak. So again, I get extremely emotional off cowboy losses. I get over emotional. I'm the first to admit. But remember, this was the worst collapse to me in NFL playoff history. Under the circumstances. The circumstances being my team has not been to an NFC championship game. And now 28 years obviously hasn't been to a Super Bowl in 28 years since that 1995 season.

2 (22m 40s):
And all of a sudden into our laps fell the two seed that meant two home playoff games to get to an NFC championship game in a Jerry world in which we had won 16 straight games. We were healthy, we seemed relatively happy coming off a take care of business, win at Washington to cinch the two seed. And never before in the history of the playoffs, had a seven seed ever eliminated a two seed. I loved our position, I loved our chances, and I still can't even comprehend what happened.

2 (23m 23s):
27, nothing happened before halftime. 48 to 16 happened early in the fourth quarter. And during said collapse, Micah Parsons registered his worst pass rushing numbers of his career, of his career as in rear Micah Parsons managed to pressure the quarterback one time against Green Bay with zero sacks, one solo tackle, one assisted tackle, zero tackles for loss, worst combined pass rush stats of his career.

2 (24m 21s):
And I'll remind you that a year ago, down the stretch, final six games of the regular season, Micah faded had only a sack and a half those last six games this year down the stretch, the final seven games, including the Green Bay game, he had two and a half total sacks. He faded. He frankly disappeared and he deeply disappointed. Little did I know that Micah, as I was tweeting, was adding insult to injury because he child, excuse me, childishly ducked out, childishly ducked out right after the game and did not speak to the media, did not subject himself to any post-game.

2 (25m 23s):
Questions from the media. And here I had hoped that this would be the year that Micah would emerge as a team leader, maybe the team leader as the best player on the team. How wrong I was about Micah Parsons, how many times this year I mentioned that I had to file a missing Parsons report, missing Parsons Report. Micah should have owned that loss. He would've been, should have been leading the charge to the media to own that loss, to speak for his teammates instead of leaving all of them to speak for him, instead of leaving all of his teammates to take all the media slings and arrows that he should have taken.

2 (26m 25s):
So what was the first time that we heard from Micah after that loss? It wasn't until the following day and it was in the form of a tweet that was aimed at me and I'm going to read, said tweet again. Pardon? Some of the language Micah tweeted at me. You just a hating ass mf. Who mad? I ain't want to do your show. Where was all this when you were on my nuts wanting me to come on your show every Tuesday?

2 (27m 9s):
You lame as F Skip? Real shit. Fake ass Cowboy fan tweeted Micah about me. Okay, Micah, you take your shots and I appreciate your shots because it's well within your right to take them. And now I will respond. I've taken my shots, you take yours now I respond. You're welcome to respond back, but I'm gonna start from the start. Mike is rookie year.

2 (27m 50s):
I found him to be a revelation one I did not see coming in that draft. I wanted Patrick Satan. I knew he'd be a perennial Pro Bowl cornerback and he is established himself as just that. But Denver snatched him one pick ahead of the Dallas Cowboys. They might've been interested in JC Horne who had gone two picks earlier to Carolina. But I wanted Pat Ctan gone. So Jerry made a shrewd move.

2 (28m 30s):
Jerry said, okay, I'm gonna trade back and guess who my trade partner is gonna be. It's gonna be Philadelphia. As long as Jerry could trust Philly would take Devonte Smith at 10 where Dallas sat initially, and they did. And Jerry traded back with Philly to 12. So then Justin Fields most people thought was targeted for Chicago, and that's who took him at 11, which left at 12. Jerry Jones to take the best defensive player still ranked on his board the highest ranked. And it was this kid out of Penn State named Micah Parsons.

2 (29m 15s):
And before long I was calling him my oh Micah 11 from heaven before long, he was such a pass rushing revelation that we even went to our man dj, Steve Porter, who created the famed, or maybe infamous, I don't know, Tim Tebow music video. All he does is win. You might remember that back in the day in 2011, took the Nation by storm dj Steve is genius. And we did a My Micah music video that we played off and on undisputed.

2 (30m 1s):
And I got so carried away about Micah that I dared, I dared to put him in the same conversation with Lawrence Taylor. I said, he's got millions of miles to go, but he has the potential as a past rusher to equal Lawrence Taylor, because I had never seen such speed and quickness at this size, did not yet have his man body or his man's strength. Lawrence Taylor was born even when he was like two years old. He had grown man's strength. But I'll take the blame for this I. I overhyped, I leaped before I probably looked.

2 (30m 48s):
I got carried way, way, way away. I couldn't help myself. I also immediately began criticizing the defensive coordinator Dan Quinn, for the way he utilized Micah because he kept seeing Micah as a hybrid linebacker, pass rusher stand up and fairly regularly dropped him into pass coverage. I couldn't see it, couldn't take it, didn't stand for it, often criticized it. And did you see the other day interesting that Micah's brother took a shot at Dan Quinn by saying that the way Micah has been utilized in Dallas has been criminal.

2 (31m 30s):
So Micah, I had your back way before your brother had your back. So the summer before Micah's second season, it was suggested to me by our boss at FSS one Charlie Dixon mastermind that he is. How about we try to see if we could get Micah to pop on maybe every Tuesday for a quick segment. You know, eight, 10 minutes on undisputed from his home in Dallas. That would be their off day, just eight or 10 minutes to look back and look ahead.

2 (32m 10s):
How's the season unfolding? How's he feeling? Just a Mayo Micah segment every Tuesday? Well, sure I bless that, but it was not my idea. I had nothing to do with the negotiation. And here's the God's truth, even though I certainly blessed the idea. Not once did I ever, ever communicate with Micah Parsons. I never spoke to him on the phone. I never texted with them. I don't have his contact info.

2 (32m 51s):
So there's no way I could have begged him to be on our show because never communicated with them once in my life. I will tell you this, we shared a contact at Cameo. I did about a year's worth of work at Cameo. Micah has been big on cameo, but we shared a contact up in their ranks and said, contact contacted me for Micah at one point and said, Hey, Micah would like to send you a Micah jersey if he could get your home address or your mailing address.

2 (33m 33s):
Sure. So I wrote back to this contact at Cameo, here's my address. Never heard from Micah, never saw New Jersey, didn't care, didn't lose one minute's sleep about it. Only remembered that as I put this together for this podcast, I do own a Micah jersey, which the other night I threw in the trash, but I purchased it with my own money. I didn't ask the Cowboys for it, I didn't want any freebies. I ordered it off nfl.com just the way all of you would order your Micah jersey.

2 (34m 15s):
So I was told that going into Micah's second season that it was on, we would have a Micah Parsons show every Tuesday at eight 30 Pacific Time, 1130 Eastern, eight or 10 minutes. And on the morning we were to launch. I was excited about that until Micah, no-showed. He stood us up. No reason was given. We didn't get a call from any of his reps.

2 (34m 55s):
Nothing from Micah over and out. I don't know what happened. I did lose a little respect for Micah that day because future team leaders faces of franchises just don't operate that way. They handle themselves with a little more responsibility and class no showed, and I lost no sleep over it. Whatever life went on, He did tell the local, the Dallas area media the next day that he just decided that he wouldn't do undisputed because he wanted to focus on football.

2 (35m 41s):
And as I said on Undisputed, whenever the next couple days, good for Micah, love it. Bless that decision. But the truth was, I figured, I just sort of educated guest, if you will, at that point that it was probably Dak Prescott who went to Micah Parsons and said, Hey, don't, don't do Skip show. He's been all over me. Never been a big fan of mine, except for the first year. I could just hear Micah telling, I'm sorry, Dak telling Micah, just don't, it'd be a bad look for me if you do that show and a bad look for the Dallas Cowboys.

2 (36m 31s):
And I figured a young player like Micah just sort of looked up to Dak and said, okay, whatever you say, boss Dak from the start was clearly threatened by Micah, by his rise. I think he was a little jealous of all the attention that Micah got. And that's my 2 cents from a distance about why that show did not happen. Maybe Micah has a different take on it, but this brings me And, by the way, to finish that off. I, I just think Dak Prescott could not imagine Micah being on the undisputed stage weekly.

2 (37m 15s):
That's what I think. But that does bring me to Mike Cowboy fandom or lack thereof as Micah suggests. No Micah, I'm not a fake fan. I'm not, I'm actually the opposite of a fake fan. A fake fan to me. Well, I, I guess maybe Micah, you define a cowboy fan as somebody who will worship you blindly no matter how poorly you perform. Maybe that to you is a real fan. The truth is, I'm too real of a fan.

2 (37m 57s):
The the truth is, I'm the opposite of fake fan because I'm, I'm a hard ass fan. I am an overly demanding fan. I'm a spoiled rotten fan. I'm an extremely knowledgeable fan because I have known cowboy greatness. I have covered years and years of cowboy teams having written three books about the Dallas Cowboys. I have known two Tall Jones.

2 (38m 41s):
I have known Harvey Martin, I have known Randy White, I have known the great Charles Haley. I have known the greatest past rushers this team has ever known. I don't go all the way back to Bob Lilly, but I know all about Bob Lilly. Heck, I I even know my close friend, pat Tome led the Cowboys in Sacks, 1973, went on to Buffalo, led them in sacks, and was their defensive player of the year, his first year in Buffalo. Went to the Raiders, led them in sacks, and was known by Raider fans as third down pat, I, I even know Pat Tome Micah.

2 (39m 26s):
All of these players more productive in their day than you have been so far in your day. The three books I wrote, Micah were forged with extreme objectivity. A lot of cowboy fans did not love my books because they were just too honest, maybe too true. I pulled back the curtain on Tom Landry, on Jerry versus Jimmy on those hell bent, 1995, Dallas Cowboys, speak of them in just a moment.

2 (40m 10s):
But at heart, Micah, I'm, I'm really what you would call a die hard fan, as in I die so hard when you guys get humiliated in playoff games. Went to my first game, thanks to my uncle Jim Parker when I was 10 years old in Dallas, Texas, the old Cotton Bowl, St. Louis Cardinals playing the Dallas Cowboys. I got blinded by those stars on those shoulder pads, blinded and now Micah. I'm just seeing stars because I've been blindsided as in Dizzy Stars.

2 (40m 54s):
You were down 48 to 16 to a seven seed at home in the fourth quarter, early in the fourth quarter, And, and now you're still coached by Mike McCarthy. He's still coming back. He's gonna be your coach next year. You're kidding me. Now you've completely imploded into this finger pointing, blame, deflecting, embarrassment.

2 (41m 39s):
DAXs Brother's tweeting about if he could, he'd get Dak outta Dallas because cowboy fans, fake cowboy fans don't deserve him. Your brother's tweeting about Dak better take a hometown discount or he should pack his bags. That's what your brother tweeted. Micah. You say, well, you only speak for yourself. I don't know when relatives speak, you gotta assume they heard it from the horse's mouth. CD's, mom tweets, get rid of his ass about Dak. Prescott get rid of his ass.

2 (42m 25s):
And I can't forget that our man at FOX, Rob Gronkowski, who knows what it's like to win Super Bowls with Tom Brady said, after you got blown off the field up at Buffalo 266 yards rushing that day, run off the field. He said, that's just not a mentally tough football team. True. Just not mentally tough. You know, CD's mom is so right. So spot on, so dead on when she tweeted Dak, ain't it?

2 (43m 11s):
Nope, he's not. My fear Micah is that you aren't either. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw out two quick questions and answer them both at once as best I can versus from Max from Rochester. How does it feel that the lowly lions have made the NFC championship and the Cowboys still have not? And then the other question is from David from Colorado. There's no way the Cowboys would've beaten this Lion's team be glad they were eliminated.

2 (43m 56s):
The Cowboys eliminated when they were, when they did get eliminated. Okay, max and David, I honor your questions this week because for the first and hopefully the last time in the history of this podcast, I have no response to either question because you got me. My team is spit. I was gonna say the other word, but I'll just say spit My Dallas. Cowboys did prove to be nothing more than very talented losers.

2 (44m 37s):
I cease, I desist, I give up. No Moss, you got me.

Vroom (44m 51s):
And now a word from our friends at Vroom, if you're in the market for a used card, but dreading the hassle on top of wondering if you're even buying a quality ride, you need to check out Vroom when you visit Vroom dot com. You can shop from thousands of cars. They've got all the popular makes and models, so it's hard to pick a favorite. All vehicles on Vroom dot com go through a thorough inspection and reconditioning process and come with a 90 day limited warranty. They even give you seven days or 250 miles, whichever comes first to make sure you love your new ride. And if you don't, you could return it. Not only can you buy a car or truck on Vroom, you could sell or trade in your old ride too. All you have to do is provide a few details and they'll give you an offer in as little as two minutes. They'll even come pick it up for free. Vroom is the better way to buy and sell cars, and that's exactly what their customers are saying. Like Timothy who said, quote, great cars, great shopping experience and app, great service all the way through delivery. Check it out for yourself and find your next ride at Vroom dot com. That's VROO m.com.

2 (45m 56s):
Quick aside, if you'll allow about a guy I have often defended on this podcast as well as on undisputed his name in case you've forgotten his Baker Mayfield. He's back, I said before his draft, he should be the first overall pick that was a little out there on the end of that limb. And he was, and I stand by that pre-draft prediction and stance because I did not see Lamar Jackson coming.

2 (46m 37s):
I don't think anybody really saw him coming except maybe Ozzy Newsom in Baltimore. Later in the draft toward the, you know, the end of the first round. Lamar's a force of nature before the season started. I did pick Lamar and Company to win it all over my Cowboys in the Super Bowl wrong about them. I'm gonna be right about Baltimore. I'm gonna be right about the fact that this year has belonged to Lamar Jackson. He's going to win his second MVP and I believe his first Super Bowl MVP didn't see him coming.

2 (47m 19s):
Did see Baker coming. B's better than Sam. Darn better than Josh Rosen. He's up there with Josh Allen, he's, he's up there. We can go back and forth about Josh Allen, the ultimate turnover machine. I thought he played very well against Mahomes the other night. But I don't know. There's something about Baker that I still love, that the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, trust me on this from on high, they've fallen in love with that spirit, that spunk.

2 (48m 2s):
I know he can be a little over cocky, just a little too full of himself, a little too arrogant. But Bakker got humbled late in his Cleveland run, and through most of his Carolina run Bakker did have some great stretches in Cleveland, his rookie year and his third year did win a playoff game, has won two playoff games in his career, played very well at Detroit the other day, nearly pulled that one out, did throw a late interception, but other than that, had a great game.

2 (48m 58s):
And he's finally found a home following of all people. The goat following Tom Brady in Tampa. He actually put up a little better numbers than Tom did in his final season in the National Football League in Tampa. Bakker. Mayfield was a revelation this year. Bakker Mayfield played extremely high level football against Philadelphia and at Detroit, I can tell you for a fact, the people in charge in Tampa are committed to Baker Mayfield for whatever the next three years he's going to get the money he earned and the security he earned because he has found a home.

2 (49m 52s):
He is the new spirit of the Buccaneers. He did all those progressive commercials in Cleveland. It was too much too soon. Just as I talked about Micah and his podcast, Bakker was a natural at those commercials. They're all time great, but they were just too much. That target got painted on his back, larger and larger and larger. And even Baker could not live up. He persevered. He broke back through and look at 'em.

2 (50m 35s):
Now, this is Eli from Austin who asked what team or story in sports history do you wish they had made a movie out of? Well, that's an easy one for me, Eli. The 1995 Dallas Cowboys, last Dallas Cowboys Super Bowl team. That last NFC championship team for what going on now, 29 years. You know what Eli, I know all about that team because I wrote a book about that team. It was called Hell Bent The Crazy Truth about the Winner else, Dallas Cowboys, a team that won it all.

2 (51m 24s):
In spite of itself. We had Troy Aikman versus Barry Switzer. They quit speaking to each other on December the fourth of that year and did not speak to each other all the way through winning the Super Bowl together. We had Neon Dion primetime putting the 49 ERs over the top against the Cowboys in 94, then joining the Cowboys and putting them back over the top in 95. We had Emmett Smith, we had Michael Irvin, we had all the shenanigans, all the episodes, all the incidents, all of which are in my book, hell Bent, all of which inspired a producer out here in Hollywood to buy the rights to my book.

2 (52m 22s):
Hell bent to decide he was going to make that movie, to the point that he sent his production team to Dallas to work with me and shoot some exteriors, which they did. He also asked me if I would so choose to attempt writing that screenplay, which I did. It wasn't very good. I just pretty much stuck with the script that I had written in the book. I don't think it would've worked, but I, I tried.

2 (53m 2s):
I don't think he even began to like it. But the point was, I waited and I waited for something to happen after the exteriors were shot. And the truth is, I don't know what happened to that movie because it got lost in Hollywood development. I don't know what it, it's like 98% of the projects out here get lost in development. I don't know what that means. I don't know where that is. It's just purgatory, Hollywood purgatory.

2 (53m 42s):
Nothing ever happened. It just went away. Maybe that was an omen. It vanished just like our Super Bowl champion. Chances it vanished just like our NFC championship game chances, it just disappeared. But what a great story that would be to tell. This is Billy from Orange County, Florida. Have you played golf since you had your hole in one? Thank you for asking Billy. I have played that hole number seven at Brentwood Country Club one time since that fateful day.

2 (54m 30s):
And when I came to that hole, the time I played it the second time, the time after the hole in one, the weirdest sensation came over me. True story. It felt like the golf gods were again, tapping me on the shoulder and saying, you, you thought it was a billion to one the first time. Watch this I felt like I was going to ace that hole again to have consecutive holes in one on number seven at Brentwood Country Club as God is my witness. I had that feeling surged through me as I stood on the T and sized up the shot.

2 (55m 17s):
I told you before, the first time I was hitting a shot into the Pacific Coast Pacific Ocean wind, which is into you on number seven from 146 yards to a back left pin. That's a stock seven iron shot for me. And I hit the purest greatest seven iron I've hit in my life that went straight in the hole. This time there was little to no wind and the pin was 146 yards, but back, right? So I second guessed and I thought maybe I should club down.

2 (55m 60s):
Maybe I can get an eight iron there with no wind because I'm pretty jazzed up here because I feel like the golf gods are surging through my limbs. So I went eight iron and I struck it well, but I caught it a touch thin, just a touch thin, maybe a touch, what you call heavy. I didn't flush it. I didn't catch it purely, I hid it straight online at the right pin. But I knew off the club face it wasn't going to get there.

2 (56m 41s):
And it did not. Straight online looked great in the air. Landed 20 feet short because it's uphill to the flag. Sucked back five feet, left me 25 feet uphill to the hole. By that point, I was so shook, I had lost control of my hands that they weren't even part of my body anymore. So I sort of watched myself try to put, and I watched my hands lose themselves from my body and swipe at the ball and blast it uphill six feet past the hole.

2 (57m 30s):
And I watched my hands shake and put a choke stroke on my par putt and leave it maybe three inches short back down the hill for a bogey. And I could hear the golf gods up above me chuckling. This is Alex from California. If, if I tried to say hi to you on a run, would you stop and say hi? We're talking about on a run outside here in Los Angeles, as in jogging, Alex absolutely, utterly unequivocably inarguably.

2 (58m 21s):
There is no way I would stop and say hi to you because you have hit on my one running pet peeve. I have run a million miles in cities all over the world, including the one I live in Los Angeles. My pet peeve is for somebody to pull up and ask me, not because they recognize me, but but to pull up and say, Hey, can you tell me where? No, no, I can't. I'm running. I'm, I'm just trying to get through my one hour run. I'm, I'm running against myself. I'm competing with my best times on said route.

2 (59m 6s):
I'm lost in my endeavor. I'm just trying to get through. The last thing I want to do is stop sweating and say, oh, well you, you take a left at the next light. And then you take, you go three blocks. No, I'm not going to do that. People often do when I'm running outside, recognize me and yell to Hey Skip. And I yell, Hey, what's up? And I wave. But trust me, I will never, ever stop.

2 (59m 46s):
I love you, but I'm not gonna stop. And finally we have Nick from Greenville, south Carolina who asks, which cowboy jersey would you never throw in the trash? Nick, there's only one Sacred. It's my throwback. Number 12, Roger Staubach jersey with the stars on the shoulders. Roger Staubach, the greatest cowboy quarterback.

2 (1h 0m 32s):
I love Dandy Don Meredith. I love Troy Aikman. Heck, I liked Tony Romo at times. I liked Dak Prescott. But there was just one Roger Staubach. He was the inventor, the creator, the namer of Hail Mary's 'cause he threw one and then coined the name thereafter to Drew Pearson that beat the Vikings in a playoff game. He was Captain Comeback. He was Roger the Dodger.

2 (1h 1m 12s):
He was the most competitive football player I have ever been around. And I competed against him in basketball many times. Never seen anything like him, won the Heisman at Navy, did a stretch in Vietnam. He was a 28-year-old NFL rookie who lifted the Dallas Cowboys over the top into two Super Bowl championships. Narrowly lost two more Super Bowls to more talented Pittsburgh Steeler teams quarterback fireman Terry Bradshaw.

2 (1h 2m 4s):
I covered. Roger. Got to know him well. I miss him mightily. Now I'm stuck with Dak. My number 12 Staubach jersey is forever. That's it for episode 98. Thank you for listening and or watching. Thanks to Jonathan Berger and his AllPro team for making this show go. Thanks to Tyler Korn for producing. Please remember undisputed every weekday, nine 30 to noon Eastern the Skip Bayla Show.

2 (1h 2m 46s):
Every week.