0 (0s):
I finally got so sick and so tired of Jerry Jones fiddling around while his Rome burns. And I tweeted this All In My Ass

1 (15s):
Relentless m Relentless Here. we Go

0 (36s):
This Is, the Skip Bayla Show, episode 1 0 4 In honor of the very first radio gig of my career at K 1 0 4 KKDA in Dallas-Fort Worth, for which I did a morning show commentary every weekday for 10 straight years with no vacations. Didn't miss a day. 10 straight years. Shout out to my guys Tom Joyner and Chris Arnold. Love you. This is always is the un Undisputed everything.

0 (1m 19s):
I can't share with you during the debate show. That is undisputed today. I will tell you everything I know about Jerry Jones, the good and the scary, scary bad about Jerry Jones Today. I will tell you yes, I will say this publicly, why I'd rather have Baker Mayfield than Dak Prescott Today. I will double down on what I told you last week and got cross-examined on Dawn LeBron ranked ninth on my all time top 10 list.

0 (2m 6s):
Today, I'll tell you why. Aaron Rogers is the LeBron of the NFL. And I'll answer several of your probing, provocative questions about whether I watch the Oscars or the LeBron game on at the same time, and exactly how much sleep I get on the weekends when I don't have to get up at two o'clock in the morning. But first up, as always, it is not to be skipped. I start with one of your questions from Alex from out here in Los Angeles. Why did you Tweet that, Alex?

0 (2m 51s):
The better question is, how could I not Tweet that? So this past Tuesday evening, as you probably know, I finally got so sick and so tired of Jerry Jones fiddling around while his Rome burns. And I tweeted this All In My Ass. You know what I love about Twitter or X as it's now called? I'm a long form writer.

0 (3m 31s):
I've written five books. I've written a screenplay. I've written God knows how many 5,000 word magazine articles, and in four very short words, a three letter word, a two letter word, a two letter word, and a three letter word, all split by that very important comma. Had to have that comma with those four little words spliced by the comma. I can quote unquote break the internet just checked so far that has done that little tiny tweet, 67 million impressions because I hit a nerve.

0 (4m 22s):
Maybe I hit your nerve and your nerve and your nerve. I struck oil, fuming hot oil that Jerry Jones used to strike when he used to be the plunger that he used to be out in the oil fields, Texas and Oklahoma. I hit a gusher of emotion piping, hot emotion cowboy Twitter was sick and tired of Jerry Jones doing absolutely nothing in free agency.

0 (5m 4s):
And so was I for once. This was the same Jerry Jones whose team that he owns and operates the way no owner operates a team in the National Football League. That team gave us the single biggest playoff collapse to me in NFL history, given the circumstance two seed versus seven seed at home, seven and a half point favorite versus the NFL's youngest team in Jerry.

0 (5m 48s):
Jones team was down 27 to nothing before halftime, 27 to nothing before halftime that team. So how did Jerry respond? Well, he kept his head coach, his puppet, Mike quandary, as I call him, that bump on a log on a sideline log that he, and I assume he's going to hang on to his quarterback Dak or duck Prescott till death do them part 3, 4, 5, 10.

0 (6m 33s):
I don't know. But as Jerry arrived at the combine in Indianapolis, he issued a proclamation that he will now be All In, quote unquote All In on transforming his team into a legit Super Bowl Contender. Next season, next season, next season, next season. Legit Super Bowl contender All In said Gerald Wayne Jones Jr. So silly me, I actually but quietly started to believe Jerry Jones just might be All In for Derrick Henry to give the Dallas Cowboys that bell cow back that we have not had since Zeke's first three years in the league, since his third year in the league when he hit the wall that he before that would run through, he hit it and hit it hard just as Jerry gave him his money.

0 (7m 53s):
And did we ever pay for that for the next three years, Michael Irvin on undisputed campaigning after that debacle of a nightmare of a disaster of a loss in the playoff game to Green Bay campaigning for Derrick Henry. So I started to get my hopes up quietly. I didn't, I didn't campaign on undisputed. I didn't want to jinx it. I just thought, you know, this time, this is the one.

0 (8m 36s):
So after I watched Baltimore sign Derrick Henry for am mere 9 million, it's guaranteed for next year, but it's only 9 million. Didn't even hit double digits. He can with incentives, but they don't count against the cap for a mere 9 million. Derrick Henry is a raven. And I lost it without thinking really, without hesitation, really. I tweeted All In My Ass obviously aimed at Jerry.

0 (9m 21s):
I know Jerry. I like Jerry a whole lot. Trust me, I do from my heart. I do. I spent literally hundreds of hours around Jerry, very gracious with his time in part because he loves to hear himself talk about himself. Hundreds of hours for the three books I wrote on the Cowboys God's Coach, 1989, the Boys, 1992, hella Ben, 1995, hundreds and hundreds of hours, or at least over 100 yet since 1995.

0 (10m 6s):
Not once has the team I grew up loving and living for since I was 10 years old, not once has my team even made it back to an NFC championship game. We're going on 30 years of that. So help me out. What's the one constant for my Dallas Cowboys over low, those 30 years? Gerald Wayne Jones Jr. The owner and the operator as in GM of my Dallas Cowboys, I'm sorry, but Jerry Jones is what is ultimately wrong with my Dallas Cowboys.

0 (10m 59s):
I give you this, he is the biggest reason they remain the best soap opera in all of sports. And it ain't even close. That soap opera helps drive up the price of the Dallas Cowboys to the point they're the most valuable team in the world in all of sports, in all the world, the most valuable team, the Dallas, freaking Cowboys Jerry Jones constantly with his two radio gigs and his post game press conferences after every game, win, lose, or draw.

0 (11m 48s):
He constantly creates controversy upon controversy, often for the wrong reason. But remember, I I, I can't vote Jerry out of office. It's, he doesn't run for owner and operator of the Cowboys. He just owns the team. I can't campaign on undisputed for Jerry to be fired because he's not gonna fire himself. He owns the freaking team.

0 (12m 36s):
I can't do anything about Jerry having an ego bigger than the state of Texas. And I definitely can't do anything to change the fact that Jerry Jones has stubborn pride that runs all the way from Arlington, Texas home of Jerry world to China to China. I am stuck with Jerry Jones. Whether I like it or not, I have only one way out, and that is to become a fan of another team, which I have threatened to do.

0 (13m 17s):
But the Dallas Cowboys are just so deeply in my blood since I was 10 years old. And I attended my first game at the old Cotton Bowl in Dallas Dallas Cowboy versus a team I loved at that time, the St. Louis Cardinals. And I saw those stars on the helmet, stars, on the shoulder pads in those days, and I fell in love. It's been mostly unrequited over the last 30 years. But listen, those first 30 ish, whew, five Super Bowls, seven Super Bowl appearances.

0 (13m 60s):
First 30 years of existence for my Dallas Cowboys. We were in the NFC Championship game. 16 times out of 30, that will work. Spoiled us rotten, but that will work. But now I'm stuck with Gerald Wayne Jones Jr. I'm stuck in the mud with Jerry. I, I want you to think about this. Since we won our last Super Bowl following the 1995 season, we are five and 13 in playoff games, five and 13.

0 (14m 49s):
So we're, let's call it 28 years where it feels like we're going on 30, but let's say for the last 28 years, we're five and 13 in the postseason of the 20 teams that have played at least 15 playoff games over that span, the Dallas Cowboys have the worst record of all, of all. 25 and 13 is the worst. So the most valuable team in the world over the last 28 years as the worst playoff record of the 20 teams that have played at least 15 playoff games.

0 (15m 35s):
That does not compute. That makes no sense, but that's the truth. And I want you to think even harder about this. I believe with all my heart and soul that for Jerry Jones Day one of free agency every year, every March day, one of free agency is his favorite day of the year. Why would that be? Because on day one of free agency, Jerry Jones gets more attention than anybody else in the National Football League for doing nothing.

0 (16m 23s):
We go through this every year, cowboy Nation, you know it and I know it. Day one, where are you? Jerry, you asleep, napping, wake up, Jerry. Nothing. Day two, nothing. But it's day one. You just know Jerry's sitting back wherever he is, chuckling to himself, winking to Steve and his son, Jerry, Junior's other son. We got him. We got him. Jerry. Jones deeply stubbornly prides himself on doing nothing in free agency because Jerry no longer plunges.

0 (17m 6s):
Jerry no longer buys he drafts. Why does he just draft? Because he can get far more credit drafting than he can. Just buying the free agent Apple of everybody's eyes instead of just buying the one free agent that everybody acknowledges is the biggest prize in free agency. That's too easy. There's not much credit there. It's just deep pockets writing a check. Even though Jerry says, I no check, I wouldn't write write to win another Super Bowl.

0 (17m 52s):
No, that's not true that that's not true. It's about credit for Jerry. It's not about winning Super Bowls, though. I'm sure he would love to. But what's more important, what he prioritizes the most is taking credit for drafting among the best teams in the National Football League over the last dozen years. He wants to draft his own. He wants to raise his own like they're his sons. He wants to be able to tell his friends when they're out to dinner. I saw that one coming.

0 (18m 34s):
Saw that a mile away. I knew that CD was gonna be something. I knew he was gonna be the best receiver in football. That's why I jumped on it as he fell in the draft. I knew that Dak Prescott, we saw him at the Senior Bowl, and I knew when he was still there in the fourth round, I had to take him, had to snatch him up at Michael Parsons. Hey, I knew it. I saw it. Those foolish Eagles, they wanted to trade up and get Devonte Smith. I said, be my guest Eagles. I'll swap with you. And I'll take Michael Parsons best defensive player on my board. Even though there were a couple of corners that he had.

0 (19m 18s):
Pat Satan, JC Horne above Micah who were gone off the board. Micah was the best one left, and he, he lucked into Micah Parsons, though I'm still not sure Micah is really myo Micah, not sure he's lived up to the hype just yet. I hope he does next year. But I'm starting to wonder even about Micah. Jerry wants to brag to his friends. I picked him and I picked him. I saw him coming before anybody saw him coming. Obviously, Jerry has a sensational scouting department led by Will McClay number of scouts there that I've known forever.

0 (20m 1s):
They do an all time great job of supplying Jerry with the right information. But Jerry has final say in the draft, certainly in the first three or four rounds, Jerry has veto power. Jerry listens because I don't think Jerry knows a whole lot about these college kids until he's told a whole lot about them. I don't think he carefully watches tape. I don't think he carefully watches the games as they're played on television during the college football season or the bowl season.

0 (20m 42s):
But he listens. And I will say this about Jerry of the seemingly millions of people I've known in this world, run across, covered, written about, gotten to know Jerry, just might be the luckiest of all. He's just one of those. I dunno if you remember the cartoon character, Mr. Magoo, probably before your time. Look him up. It's funny. Magoo wore these thick glasses, couldn't see a thing, could walk through a burning building, embers falling all around him unscathed, walk out the back, not even know he was in a fire.

0 (21m 29s):
That's Jerry. Mr. Magoo of the NFL. I'm not saying got the Midas touch, or he wouldn't be five and 13 since they last won a Super Bowl with the remnants of Jimmy Johnson's players. I take nothing away from what Barry Switzer did in 1995. It was sensational. But since then, free agency after free agency, nothing, nothing, nothing. I draft, I take credit, but wait a second.

0 (22m 11s):
Jerry, you plunged once in free agency. It was a long time ago. Oh yeah. Oh yeah it was. It was before the 1995 season when you paid as my man, Keshawn Johnson says, A handsome ransom for this guy named, what was his name? Sanders. Do you remember this guy? Dion Sanders Jerry. Remember that you and Steven almost got into, it almost came to blows or how much you were gonna pay for Dion.

0 (22m 52s):
You broke your bank for that one. Wasn't that the first time you discovered that cap loophole where you can dole it out over five years so that it, it only counts X and Y and Z against the cap for any of the individual years? You can pro rate, remember that. You masterminded that one and you have been a cap wizard, which your team is five and 13 since that Super Bowl in the postseason, the worst of the 20 teams that have played at least 15 playoff games. That's just wrong Jerry.

0 (23m 32s):
And that's on you because you're the constant. So Jerry you, you went and bought Dion Sanders who was certainly worth it. Greatest corner ever. Not even close I, and it was a double-edged sword that you swung because you took him away from the 49 ERs who had just won the Super Bowl by beating you in the NFC championship game and you added Deion Sanders to an already loaded football team. And it wasn't even a fair fight against the Steelers in that Super Bowl. But Jerry, think about it.

0 (24m 13s):
Was Dion not the final piece to the Super Bowl puzzle? Was he not the catalyst for you to turn back into a Super Bowl team as you'd already been, obviously in 92 and 93? Wasn't he the reason, or at least a reason you lost to the 49 ERs and a reason, if not the reason you then got past that you didn't have to play the 49 ERs in the playoffs, but that you rose above them to win a third Super Bowl in the 1990s? Wasn't that the move of free agency Jerry?

0 (25m 3s):
Why haven't you tried that one time since then? Is it just mere coincidence that since you went and bought Dion Sanders, you haven't even come close to winning a Super Bowl? 'cause you haven't even gotten back to an NFC championship game. You know what? This was the time Jerry you owed us Derrick Henry. You owed us a plunge. You owed your locker room a Derrick Henry. You owed them a message sent of I am All In.

0 (25m 48s):
I'm giving you exactly what you needed. I'm going to pay an arm and a leg if it takes it for those beastly legs and muscled up arms of Derrick Henry. He's a huge human. He shattered the mold. I know he is 30 years of age and I don't care. I know the numbers weren't quite the same last year. I don't care. He is a difference maker. He is the rarest of running backs. He is the biggest, fastest, baddest running back I've ever seen.

0 (26m 30s):
If we just go on sheer size in speed and some el exclusivity and lots of power, heart and will and guts and nastiness, I, I don't know. I've never seen a better package all told. I'm not saying he is the greatest running back ever. I'm just saying this is next level. This is freakish in the greatest way. This is a man who at 30 can still carry you to a Super Bowl. This was it, Jerry. This was your Super Bowl catalyst on a metallic silver platter for you, and you sniffed Ah, and you fake yawned.

0 (27m 25s):
And you said let them overpay. For Derrick Henry, it only costs 9 million bucks guaranteed for next year. But that's really the whole deal is just 9 million bucks. He's got a second year with incentives. He could make 10 in each of the first two years, but all that's guaranteed is 9 million. If he's washed, if he hits the Zeke Memorial wall, you're okay. 9 million, it's worth the plunge, right? Ravens, all the Baltimore Ravens just did was to me win next year's Super Bowl because of Derrick Henry, because of the message you sent to your locker room because of what he'll do for Lamar Jackson.

0 (28m 15s):
The Ravens just won the Super Bowl. I believe the Dallas Cowboys with Derrick Henry would've have at least gotten to the NFC championship game for the first time in 29 years. That's what I believe. I'll, I'll go that far at least that he would've least been an NFC championship game Catalyst in Dallas after almost 30 years. Jerry Jones owed us Derrick Henry W Why do you think DAXs brother tweeted the other day?

0 (28m 57s):
Tad? Why do you think he tweeted and it's now clear that the Philadelphia Eagles have the best front office in all of football. Why do you think he tweeted that? Because he had heard from Dak that the Eagles did it again. They went out and got exactly what they needed. They got Saquon. I'm not the biggest Saquon fan. I do think he's over hyped and overrated for the money they gave him Saquon's owe in 10 against Dallas with only two games in 10 that went over a hundred yards.

0 (29m 40s):
And in those games, he had a 69 yard run and a 58 yard run in the other a hundred yard game between those, it's a lot of one and two yard runs. He can't take over games the way Derrick Henry can just flat out take them over in the regular or the postseason, just take 'em over. You just can't get him on the ground. He's just too big and too strong and too fast. Derrick Henry is not overrated, even at 30. But Jerry drafts, he raise his sons, he'll draft a running back second round, maybe the third round, and you watch, watch what I'm saying right now, that running back will start for the Cowboys next year.

0 (30m 33s):
And Jerry will gloat about it because he'll be on his rookie deal. He'll be a cheap great buy for Jerry Jones at Trey Benson out of Florida State. I know, I believe it's the ESPN mock has him going to Dallas. I saw him run at the combine. He ran 4 3 9. He's 6 1 2 23. It's pretty freakish. I love Blake Quorum. He led Michigan to that championship this year.

0 (31m 13s):
He's got some Emmett in him at quickness in a confined space that balance that da da da side to side. Just can't get a grip on him. What is he? 5 8 2 0 5 ish ran four or five. I I just love him. He just knows how to carry the football. But we're not talking about Derrick Henry here, no Jerry drafts so he can tell his friends. I saw that coming.

0 (31m 57s):
Jerry wants to tell his friends, demonstrate to his friends how much he knows football, knowing football is a distinctly male trait or flaw. I have that trait or flaw. I learned my football from Don Shula, bill Walsh, Tom Landry, Jimmy Johnson. I think I know more football than Keshawn. Johnson knows football.

0 (32m 38s):
In fact, I I I think the biggest fallacy in sports that I've encountered in sports media is that if you played, you know, football, no, not always the case. In fact, in my many years in this business, the greater you were as a player, the worse you often are at judging college talent. Whether it can play or not. See Michael Jordan in Charlotte, worst drafter ever in the history of the NBA was the greatest player ever by far in the history of the NBA.

0 (33m 22s):
That's what I have discovered. See, John Elway trying to pick a quarterback could pick his nose easier than he could pick a quarterback. So the other day, Keisha and I, speaking of on undisputed, we went back and forth about whether Jerry actually knows football. Keisha said, oh, absolutely he does. And I said, I don't know. Keisha said, well, he played football. Yes, he did. Pretty high level. Jerry was a starting offensive guard at Arkansas for what became a national championship team.

0 (34m 6s):
His road roommate was a guy named Jimmy Johnson, but only because their names fell in alphabetical order. Johnson Jones, this is just me. And all the time I spent around Jerry, I never really got the feeling that he really, really knows football. I mean, he, he can't even speak the lingo correctly. The words just always seem to come out weirdly wrong, outta sync, outta rhythm.

0 (34m 49s):
It'd be like me trying to speak Italian in Rome. I I, I would try to study it, but it just wouldn't come out right. And a Roman would immediately know, I didn't really speak Italian. That's Jerry. If you really know football and you listen to Jerry speak about football, you're like, huh? It just comes across that he doesn't really get it. We, we gotta go out there and make first downs, huh?

0 (35m 29s):
He always speaks in, in the simplest, most sort of superficial football cliches, which doesn't really come across the way you'd like to hear the man speak. Who runs the cowboy drafts again? Jerry's a good listener. Jerry's very lucky might have that Midas touch, the Kean says to me on air, show me another owner who knows more football than Jerry Jones.

0 (36m 11s):
Well, you, you got me there except my counter is show me one other owner who's actually the GM of his team who gives weekly press conferences. I mean, Al Davis is no longer with us. May he rest in peace. I knew al well. I learned a lot of football from Al Davis who taught Jerry everything he knows about owning and operating a football team. As Al taught Jerry in his first year in 1989, you must learn to coach the coach. That same summer infamous quote to Vanity Fair from Jerry Jones.

0 (36m 57s):
I could coach the shit out of this team. Pardon my language, I could coach the shit out of this team, said Jerry, Jones, Jerry and Jimmy fell apart, ultimately over credit. Who should get the most credit? At that point, Jimmy didn't think Jerry knew much of any football or deserved much of any credit. I gave Jerry some credit. My second book called The Boys, especially for pulling off the Charles Haley trade from San Francisco NFC rival that put them over the top against San Francisco in the NFC Championship game at San Francisco in 1992.

0 (37m 56s):
But obviously Jimmy wasn't real happy with my book. Didn't think I should give Jerry much of any credit. And as you well know, Jerry fired Jimmy after he had won back-to-back Super Bowls. Never in history had that happen. Will that ever happen again? I'm so glad they have reconnected mended fences. So glad that Jerry was able to swallow his immense stubborn pride.

0 (38m 36s):
Put Jimmy in the Ring of Honor where he belongs, belonged for many years. But I'm still stuck in the ring of horror, not honor horror. I'm in my own ring of horror. Jerry Jones is not going to swallow his considerable pride, stubborn pride and plunge in free agency. He's just going to draft. He's gonna keep Mike McCarthy, keep Dak. And my team will always be just good enough to break everyone's heart early in the playoffs.

0 (39m 22s):
Nothing has changed. Business as usual, another year, another lost opportunity. Congrats to the Ravens. I believe you just won the Super Bowl, but I'm All In Jerry's mud, All In Jerry's mud. Next question from James from South Carolina. Do you secretly wish the Cowboys signed Kirk Cousins to start over? Dak, obviously, I'm not the biggest Dak fan.

0 (40m 4s):
Tried to be early on. Can't be anymore. But James, my answer to this question is, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Kirk. Cousins is a poor man's Dak. Dak is five in one lifetime against Kirk Cousins at least. Dak is two in five in the postseason. Kirk Cousins is one in three and off one playoff win in his career 13 years and coming off a torn Achilles Kirk Cousins got $100 million guaranteed from Atlanta.

0 (40m 51s):
That's 50 million a year for each of two years, guaranteed 50 million. Derrick Henry got nine. Hmm. Kirk Cousins, as I've said for years, is simply the most overpaid player in the history of football. At the end of this contract, he will have made $412 million. Tom Brady made 3 33 in 21 years, often taking hometown discounts in New England and Tampa. Never in the history of football have we ever seen a player be at the right place.

0 (41m 35s):
So many absolutely right times can Kirk Cousins ever play the game of negotiation. But Kirk Cousins will always let you down in the biggest moments. Think about this. Bak Mayfield played so much better last year than Kirk Cousins did. Bakker got 30 million to stay in Tampa. Kirk got 50 million a year to go to Atlanta.

0 (42m 20s):
I don't condemn you Falcons. I, I know you're desperate and you had to plunge. But while I offered congrats to Baltimore, I offer you my condolences. Think of what Bakker did last year. He opened up by beating Kirk Cousins at Kirk Cousins. Week four, he went to New Orleans against their arch rival that Brady couldn't deal with. The Saints just had Brady's number except in that one playoff game at New Orleans. And Bakker did a number on New Orleans at New Orleans. It was 26 to nine and he soon went to Atlanta.

0 (43m 2s):
To Atlanta division rival hit Kate Otten with a late clutch touchdown pass, 36 seconds left to pull that one out. Bakker is remarkably clutch and does not get enough credit for it. He gets better. The closer games are late. Remember at Lambo last year just when you thought the Packers were taking off, baker Mayfield played the first perfect passer rating game in the history of Lambo Field at Lambo playoff game against the Eagles 337 yards passing playoff game at Detroit 349 yards passing.

0 (43m 48s):
I know they lost, but they hung in Baker's stats last year Were better across the board than Brady's final year in Tampa. I told you about Bakker. I told you he'd be better than Sam. Darn. Now Minnesota is stuck with him. I realized Bakker got beat up and couldn't connect with Odell for stretches in Cleveland. But man, look at his rookie year. Look at the the hot streak he went on to take them to a playoff win in Cleveland at Pittsburgh.

0 (44m 30s):
And look at last year, Bakker Mayfield can play. I took a lot of crap how he's a bust. No, he's busting out in Tampa. I just love his contagious fire and desire. I know he can be a little bit, I'll just use the word that I hear so often about him, a little bit of a dick, if you will. I know he can rub people the wrong way. He can get a little full of himself, but his teammates love him. They ignite around him in ways they don't ignite for Dak. Prescott players love to play for and with Bakker, not, not so much with Dak.

0 (45m 18s):
So really James, the question you should ask me, did I secretly wish the Cowboys had signed Baker Mayfield to start over? Dak? Yep. I'll admit it. I do right now, right here. Next year I would take Baker Mayfield over Dak Prescott. This is Jerome from New York. Not a question, I'm just in disbelief. You have LeBron still at number nine. It's on my all time top 10 list.

0 (45m 58s):
Jerome I am still in disbelief that you are in disbelief. I'm sorry, but you're just another blind witness blinded by the the highlights. The lights are in your eyes, the highlights are in your eyes. I'm gonna say it again very quickly and succinctly starting with this. LeBron is a terrible free throw shooter, certainly compared to anybody in the top 10.

0 (46m 44s):
LeBron is is a 74% free throw shooter for his career that ranks 190 second of active players. We're we're talking about a point guard here or a shooting guard, or maybe if I stretch it a small forward, but 74%. It's atrocious. It's shameful in the best player ever. Michael Jordan and somebody who certainly threatened him for best player ever Kobe, 84% for throw shooters, 10 percentage points higher than LeBron.

0 (47m 32s):
That over time, that's staggering. Magic. 85%. Larry Bird I have ranked one notch ahead of LeBron is career 89%. And I'll be nice about this. LeBron's a below average career three point shooter. I know he is on a hot streak right now, but that always scares me because I do like this Lakers team. 'cause the hotter he gets, then you hit the postseason, the colder he can get. 'cause he'll just keep on jacking him up. He's a high volume three point shooter who's a career, 34% his owner in Cleveland.

0 (48m 16s):
After that flame out against Boston 2010, Dan Gilbert accused LeBron of quitting. And you want me to move him up my top 10 list? He had the all time meltdown. Did LeBron freaking James in that first finals with the Les against Dallas games four, five, and six. I'd never seen anything like it. Disqualified n nobody above him had a flame out like that. Melted down late in game six against my Spurs in 2013, lab bricked the potential tying three pointer long rebounder out to Chris Bosch, who kicked it sweetly to the corner, to Ray Allen, who had the greatest clutch shot I've ever seen that saved LeBron a finals loss.

0 (49m 13s):
He's four six in the finals. He's lost six times. 2014 got blown off the floor by my Spurs, by a record finals, margin games, three, four, and five. He no showed, I don't know, I I just can't get past these epic fails one scoring title. He is won. I know he is the all time leading scorer, but one to Michael Jordan's 10 and you want me to move him up the list? I know he went over 40,000 points. Remarkable longevity record. But just because you played longer doesn't make you better.

0 (49m 54s):
Jerome, you, you watch LeBron without seeing four and six in the finals. And even now, last year and this year, as I carefully watch the Lakers watch while seeing LeBron struggles to close games. He just always has. And I'm afraid always will. There's no way he's above nine on my list. This is Mikey from Youngstown who asks, I think Russell Wilson is the LeBron of the NFL.

0 (50m 38s):
Who do you think he is? Okay, I see what you're saying about Russ Diva factor of late, but I'm gonna defend him here. I, I dunno why I've started to root for him. I think I was first to market saying he belongs with Mike Tomlin in Pittsburgh. Said it on undisputed, going back at least a week ago, I think I still haven't recovered from watching what Sean Peyton did to Russell Wilson on the sideline on national tv.

0 (51m 22s):
Screamed and screamed at him. One of the uglier displays I've had to stomach. And I like Sean a lot, but he did not like Russ felt stuck with Russ. And it all just came flying out when he thought Russ had audible out, whatever play he'd called. And he let Russ have it and Russ took it to his credit. I'm rooting for him at Pittsburgh. I think Mike Tomlin, who's not an offensive coach, obviously will help coach Russ's confidence back to where it should be. And I think they'll be very good in the most loaded quarterback division, obviously in all of football.

0 (52m 7s):
But to me, the LeBron of the NFL is clearly Aaron Rogers. He's won four MVPs. He's the master media manipulator on LeBron's level. I continue to see that Aaron Rogers is the goat. I, I continue to see that and can't stomach it. He's the phony goat, just as LeBron is. So he did win. Aaron did that one long ago, far away Super Bowl as a road wild card team with no expectation.

0 (52m 53s):
He caught the Steelers with Olo Moler with a pulled hamstring. Ryan Clark, maybe on his last late career legs, he took advantage and he hit Greg Jennings for the game breaker. He was the MVP way to go. He got that long ago far away ring since then. He's eight and nine as Aaron Rogers in the postseason. And people look without seeing, it's just hard for me to fathom that. As I look at Aaron's playoff flame outs that led to his departure from Green Bay.

0 (53m 34s):
Nobody seems to, to look and to actually see if we go back to 2019, he went to San Francisco and lost 37 to 20, not all his fault, but his QBR that day was a 23 on a scale, zero to a hundred, he stunk. Then he got his first ever home NFC championship playoff game against Tom Brady. And he stunk late in that game and he lost. And then he followed it up the next year again as the one seed. And he lost in the divisional round at Lambo to Jimmy G'S 49 ERs.

0 (54m 20s):
And then he ended his Green Bay saga in the final regular season game. All he had to do was to beat Detroit at home at Lambo to get to the playoffs. And he lost. I know LeBron can be a drama king, but Aaron is all about Aaron. That should be the name of his book all about Aaron. He always thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Obviously he was anti-vax. He lied about it.

0 (55m 1s):
Got caught. It's the Jimmy Kimmel episode. There's the experimentation with Ayahuasca. And now we hear that Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Has been in discussions with Aaron to be his running mate, his VP candidate on an independent presidential ticket. I don't know if it's just a publicity stunt, but I've gotten the feeling over time that that Aaron would love to be in politics.

0 (55m 42s):
He seems to have more energy and emotion for political issues than he does for playing football at this stage in age, at age 40. The reason Tom Brady lasted to 45 was he was obsessed with football. I don't get the feeling that Aaron really is. He loves playing in New York. Loved being the star of hard knocks heading into his first jet season. Loved the false narrative that he could come back six months before anybody ever had off of torn Achilles baloney. But he got a lot of mileage out of it.

0 (56m 28s):
Like LeBron, he loves the attention. He loves to manipulate media narratives about him. He's not LeBron off the field. LeBron gives so much back through, I promise, through all of his campaigning for social justice, racial justice. So they're very different in that regard. But in the end, the overrated quote unquote goat of the NFL is Aaron Bleep and Rogers

Indeed (57m 10s):
We're driven by the search for better. But when it comes to hiring, the best way to search for a candidate isn't a search at all. Don't search match with Indeed. If you need to hire, you need Indeed. Indeed is your matching and hiring platform with over 350 million global monthly visitors according to Indeed data and a matching engine that helps you find quality candidates fast. Ditch the busy work, use Indeed for scheduling, screening and messaging so you can connect with candidates faster. And Indeed doesn't just help you hire faster. 93% of employers agree Indeed delivers the highest quality matches compared to other job sites. According to a recent Indeed survey, join more than 3.5 million businesses worldwide that use Indeed to hire great talent fast. And listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility and Indeed dot com slash Bayless, just go to Indeed dot com slash Bayless right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Indeed dot com slash Bayless. Terms and conditions apply. Need to hire you. Need Indeed.

0 (58m 15s):
This is Nate from New York. Did you watch the Oscars or LeBron against the T Wolves? Good question. I watched both left screen, right screen, but I focused on right screen on LeBron's game because I'll be the first to admit, the Oscars have slowly lost me over the last 10 ish years. For about 20 straight years I was in an Oscar pool competition. Won it a couple times by luck. Two, often the winners of late or political winners, politics decide the winners.

0 (58m 58s):
But I do still love the individual winner's speeches. I still often get goosebumps. They still make me cry. So as I'm watching with the sound down, as soon as an individual winner steps to the microphone to accept his or her Oscar, I turn up the sound. Robert Downey Jr. The other night, I know his acceptance speech was hip and flip cloaked in sarcasm, but it was powerful nonetheless. And it gave me goosebumps and it brought tears to my eyes because that man has been to hell and back.

0 (59m 42s):
That man has been to jail and back. Look at him now. So I turned up the Oscar sound only to hear a few of the individual acceptance speeches, but mostly I watched LeBron as always. This is Jackie from Arkansas. How much do you sleep on weekends when you don't have to wake up for undisputed? That's a good and painful question, Jackie, from Arkansas, because I just don't sleep nearly enough. And it scares me over time. But I don't know how else to do this.

0 (1h 0m 23s):
I. I live for Undisputed. I, I give every ounce of my being every morning to Undisputed. I always used to get up at 5:00 AM in the east, in Bristol, Connecticut for first take and in New York for first take, which of course starts a half hour later than undisputed. Gave me a half hour longer to prepare. But now I'm up at 2:00 AM sharp every single weekday because it's five in the East. I get four-ish hours sleep, maybe sometimes four and a half, if I'm lucky. During these upcoming NBA playoffs, I will average three a night.

0 (1h 1m 5s):
And it's just not enough. I do take an hour and a half nap every weekday afternoon. But here's what I do on the weekend. On Friday, I try to limit my nap on Friday afternoon to about an hour. I, I set my alarm at an hour so that I can get up sooner and get going. 'cause I always lift weights on Friday, later afternoon and get ready for date night with my wife Ernestine, and with our Maltese Hazel. In fact, when I take my one hour nap on Friday, it's the only time I let Hazel actually sleep with me.

0 (1h 1m 49s):
She wants to take a nap with me every day and I have to put her out because if I leave her in she'll bark or she'll hear Ernestine go in and out and jump up and wake me up. And I just can't. I just, the only time I ever sleep is for that hour and a half. It's, it's deep REM sleep that hour and a half in the afternoon. 'cause I know I don't have to get up. And then on Friday night, Ernstein, she, she's always waking up because she, you know, I wake her up in, in the morning when I'm up and when, especially when I'm leaving, she's finally, I leave at four and she's always starting to get up at four o'clock.

0 (1h 2m 29s):
So she doesn't sleep enough either. So we nod off about 10 ish on Friday night, and I sleep for 12 straight hours Friday night into Saturday, 12 straight hours. Sometimes if I'm really lucky, I don't even wake up to use the bathroom Saturday afternoon if it works. I try to sleep for an hour, stay on nap schedule. And then I definitely try to sleep eight hours from Saturday night into Sunday morning. Then I'm up to run and go to church. But usually by Sunday afternoon, the fog starts to lift and I start to feel normal again.

0 (1h 3m 16s):
And then soon after I'm setting my alarm for 2:00 AM That's it. Thank you for watching and or listening. Thanks to Jonathan Berger and his AllPro team for making this show. Go to Tyler Korn for producing. Please remember undisputed every weekday, nine 30 to noon Eastern. the Skip Bayla Show every week.