The Joel Klatt Show (0s):
Hey, college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt Show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions Then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify

2 (19s):
Live from New York. It's the show that is debuting a new catchphrase in about 90 seconds. Wow. It's First Things First. It's a good one Today. Can the king outplay the joker? We will see. We're gonna find out this weekend. Meanwhile, will the Bills regret trading Stefan and or will the Texans regret trading for him? Okay. And finally, the most delicious segment in all of sports. It's title Pie Brew. Before you ask, we did not get a pie today. What?

3 (49s):
Last time we did this, we had Mississippi mud

2 (51s):
Pie. It was delicious, but it didn't really make any sense. See, I'm looking at this.

4 (55s):
We deal with budget cuts. It's a what's going on?

2 (58s):
After several weeks of just me holding a pie for no reason, we decided to cut it.

3 (1m 2s):
Dusty said wild. Told him No, I

2 (1m 4s):
Did.

4 (1m 4s):
He wanted to pie. You did. Told him No, you cut it. Yeah. You're taking this show leader thing too far. Brew. Is that built into his daily? Yes. Caloric intake.

2 (1m 15s):
We start with a playoff rematch. you know, after being swept in the Western Conference finals and enduring a summer of trash talk at their expense, you would think the Lakers would be dead set on revenge. Turns out. Not so much. Take a listen. Wow. Looking

5 (1m 32s):
Forward to this rematch after what happened last year.

1 (1m 37s):
I think you put a little bit too much more emphasis on it. This is our first round matchup. And I. We look forward to the postseason, but I haven't been like looking forward to the, the game is played. I always played and this is the matchup. So we look forward to that challenge. It shouldn't be personal at all. I think, you know, You, you allow yourself to get away from the game plan when you make it too personal. you know, You, you have a game plan, you go out there and execute it. And you live with the results.

2 (2m 5s):
Live with the results. That's where we're at. You, you reaction to that?

4 (2m 10s):
Well, I don't know the the, I'm gonna let you with the results. I mean live with the, I know your feelings are pretty

2 (2m 16s):
Clear. Hey, we gonna live with the results.

4 (2m 17s):
What's gonna happen? What I mean? Live with the results Brew is something LeBron's been saying since you were going to his practices his third year in the league in Cleveland. I happen to think it was a perfect answer. A perfect answer. Yeah. I think it's exactly the type of answer you would want. Not giving bulletin board material and not adding extra pressure to your teammates. They can handle it. A guy like DeAngelo Russell, it could have real impact on, I, I'm not, I am not picking on DeAngelo, but just because he had such a rough series Wild's, on the other hand, I got it cackled about it on the morning call and now I mean go.

2 (2m 54s):
So your response is already etched in stone. So I'll try to convince brew. 'cause I think you are unviable, considering yesterday you tried to make me shave my head because you ran outta statistical reasons.

4 (3m 5s):
No, that's why. Why? I just thought it would be a fun gag.

2 (3m 8s):
So I'll try to convince you, bro. All right. So here's my, my real question. What changed? What changed from how the Lakers were talking after the championship to what happened? Now that they have a chance to have their revenge Because we saw in the parade, Mike Malone referred to as the Laker's daddy. Nobody liked that. Then Mike Malone mocked LeBron's flirtation with retirement. Yeah. And LeBron went on his Instagram and responded with this. He's been in Europe for the past few days. So it, you know, it didn't really hit his radar, but wave the flag on these Lams. Please make me player cool again. 'cause the lame machine is at an all time high. Enjoy your light, but just know I am the sun.

2 (3m 50s):
I stay on forever. So it did bother him this summer when he was in Europe. Now did it Father Darvin Ham? Well, yeah, because he went on a podcast with Chris Haynes and said this was the headline. Lakers ham sends warning to Nuggets Malone, this blank ain't over. Okay. Then in Media day, Anthony Davis weighs in and it's been on his mind. It was just a lot of talking the Lakers daddy. There was just so much of that going on. It was like, alright, we got it. Y'all won. But me and Bron had some conversations like, we can't wait bro. And then what happened? Game one that I called a must win, they lost by 12, then they went home and lost by eight.

2 (4m 33s):
Even though AD had a good game at 32 points, then they lost by 10 at home and they're like, You know what? We've lost eight in a row of these things. And how is it? Because we always know the story. It's like, well the Lakers are great when AD and LeBron are there and when they're on the court. But when they're off the court, oh that's when things get tricky and that's Rob PO's fault. Not necessarily. When LeBron and Ad are on the court, they're plus minus nine. The defensive rating is a whopping 1 24 second chance points minus 23 points in the paint. They just can't stop 'em. Nuggets are two 56% and shooting 38% from three. So to me, when I look at this in this response where I've seen LeBron be very, very caustic to teams to get them fired up looks to me like Brew.

2 (5m 22s):
They went pure Tin Man mode. No heart.

4 (5m 24s):
Wow.

2 (5m 25s):
Pure Tin Man. Just out here. So you're,

4 (5m 27s):
Because what you say, right before we took the air that you were gonna convince Brew. Yeah, that okay, convi, wait, he's not done convince them. You said you were gonna convince Brew of

2 (5m 37s):
What they know series is over that

4 (5m 39s):
They know they can't

2 (5m 40s):
Win. They even Darvin hand say we're not gonna duck any. His big motivational speech after the Pelicans game was, Hey, it's zero zero. Yeah, it's zero zero now. Woo. Let's go. So brew.

4 (5m 55s):
Alright. Yeah, I, I am betwixt

3 (5m 57s):
In between. I guess I'm the one that's settling the, the debate.

4 (6m 0s):
Well I haven't even my

3 (6m 1s):
Case, but you're clearly heavy Lakers and you are clearly

2 (6m 5s):
Heavy and that was well laid out.

3 (6m 6s):
Alright, that wa You. you did a good job. I'm gonna be honest, I wish one of the reporters there, and I'm not trying to rip them, had said something like, well LeBron, you posted this or Yeah, ad said you guys talked like, I wish somebody had brought that up. 'cause that would've been a good challenge to what LeBron said. So you did a good job. But Nick is right that LeBron said exactly what you're supposed to be in light of. Even with all that Michael Malone has said, even with all the talk from the Lakers, even, you know, in the previous months, LeBron is exactly right when he says, if you take it personal, you can get outside of your game plan.

3 (6m 49s):
Whether it's basketball or boxing. Oh, boxers no, right? Don, I've got a

4 (6m 54s):
Box. Go

3 (6m 55s):
Out there emotionally and then just start slugging. 'cause that's when you get nailed. Stick to the game plan. Don't make it personal. The last time, LeBron I think made something personal and let his emotions, his feelings, get to him and and be led by that was Dallas in 2011. Yeah. And we saw what happened and since then, I think there's, one of the things he is learned is, look, no matter what's said, no matter how I might really feel, I gotta go out there and stick to the game. If he went out there and was like, You, know what? I'm tired. Everybody thinks Yolk is the best player in the world. Look at my numbers at 39. Look, I I'm going out there, I'm gonna out triple, double yoic.

3 (7m 35s):
Guess what? Maybe he played well personally, but it would take them outta their game playing also, you're so I think LeBron is right in this regard.

4 (7m 42s):
So I'm gonna, there there's another element to it that you are totally overlooking.

2 (7m 46s):
Hear it.

4 (7m 47s):
They could have avoided the matchup if they were convinced they can't win. They could have avoided the matchup. No. And they could've avoided it. Never.

3 (7m 56s):
I would put them at risk. You gotta

4 (7m 57s):
Admit that it wasn't wild. Hold on, wait a moment. Let's just follow the logical tree and then I'll give my actual answer. Why you're saying would put them at risk of missing the playoffs. Wild is saying they have already conceded that their ceiling is out in round one, that their ceiling is losing in round one. So if they, if they truly believed that, would you rather risk missing the tournament and then have a chance at a long run versus get in the tournament and just have the same team beat you? But I, but here's why I Go ahead Brew and

3 (8m 28s):
Then well I just want to know quickly 'cause I know you time to go. Are you really saying more so they're scared, they know they can't beat this team. Not what they, they conceded. They

2 (8m 39s):
Know they, it's, it reminded me of, and LeBron, what makes 'em so fascinating is he, he sort of wears his heart on his sleeve. You can read him after JR Smith had the boneheaded play in the finals and LeBron goes to the bench. Yeah. And he's like, that was it. Yep. We had, I I could, I could have seen a path where we could have won if, if things broke differently. But that's it. He's gonna play his heart out. Right. And play as hard as he can.

3 (9m 6s):
Might be another time. He learned You know what, let me keep my emotions out

4 (9m 10s):
Me.

2 (9m 10s):
But I, I think he knows. So I, so

4 (9m 13s):
So

2 (9m 14s):
This is where Help

4 (9m 14s):
You you can win. This is where I think And I think I might convince you a bit. Not that the Lakers can win, but that you're misreading LeBron.

2 (9m 22s):
Okay.

4 (9m 23s):
Too many rivals. This is where LeBron being in year 21 has to be the context of this. Chauncey's Pistons were the rivals. The first one Sure. Knocked him out of his first playoffs. Then he outlasted them of course and beat 'em twice. Then it was the Celtics big three. Yeah. They beat him in back to back years. Then he beat them in back to back years and they broke up. Then it was going to be the OKC big three. They played once and that group never played together again. Then it was gonna be Derrick Rose and Joe Kim Noah. No, on vacations in Cleveland. They broke up. Then Paul George dunked on him and since then he's been on three different teams. Then it was the big three Spurs who had beaten him win his first finals, then he beat them, then they beat them.

4 (10m 3s):
Then they broke up and all retired. Then briefly they, he was even an underdog in a series against the Lowry DeRozan one Seed Raptors. And then DeRozan went to the microphone and said, I don't know what you want me to do. They have LeBron James, we don't. And they broke up in the midst of all of it. It was Steph Clay Golden State. Right. Which they played three series together when it was Steph and Clay, not Durant. Right. That was two one LeBron, we think they're breaking up and now it's Yoko's nuggets. Yeah. So there is an element of brew. Who was Muhammad Ali's rival? Well, it depends 'cause it was Sonny Liston And. it was Jerry Corey than it was Joe Frazier than it was Ken Norton than it was Leon Spinx. And at the end it was Le Larry Holmes. Yeah.

2 (10m 42s):
I I don't think, I don't think Denver necessarily views them as their rivals. Well it's more akin to like, it's not a rivalry. Okay,

4 (10m 48s):
Well then we always lose. Except, here's the thing, wild Denver and the Lakers both have something very in common. The only reason LeBron with the Lakers and Yoic with the Nuggets don't have two championships is because of the other guy. They both would've gone and played the Miami Heat. They both beat the Miami Heat And. so I, I don't, you can say it's not a rival. The only way you can make that argument is if it's Denver has no rivals. Denver has ascended above rivalry. I don't think you get to claim that after one. So you think LeBron,

3 (11m 21s):
That Denver views the Lakers as a

4 (11m 23s):
Rival? I I know that Yoic said it was their toughest series. I know that Yoic and Murray know when they've been together, they've only, you know, as fully formed with Yoic as an MVP level player. They've only lost one series ever. It was to these guys. I know that Mike Malone and the Nuggets pa announcers, they did, they beat the Lakers in the championship. Who'd they beat for the championship? The Miami Heat. Who were they celebrating at the parade beating?

2 (11m 48s):
That was that, that was more about the media. Okay, well and the Lakers mystique.

4 (11m 53s):
Okay, whatever, whatever. And the Lakers roster, whatever it is. My point is this, I I don't think you ascend past rivalry, but when you only have one championship, I think if they win this you can say they don't have a rival. That's fine. I think Boston's right now we're the favorites. But you can't call them rivals 'cause they've never played yet. Right. So I think there's an element of, I don't think LeBron is scared. He might understand their underdogs. I'm not saying he's scared.

2 (12m 16s):
I'm saying, I'm saying the, the energy changed

4 (12m 19s):
From post championship. I told me he's riding in one year. No, but I, but I guess my point would be this. Do you think Joe Burrow, if he's about to play the Chiefs in the a ffc title game this year, is going to in front of the media, say we're built to beat them? Or do you think he is going to be totally even keel about it? Because I think he'll be even keeled. I think responding in the off season to non basketball stuff, which is what they were responding to Yeah. Is totally different than the days before a series. you know, adding to the fuel to the fire. I think that's, I think that's a fair point.

2 (12m 52s):
What's happening? And I think that what you said is great. LeBron is Joe Burrow and Joker is

4 (12m 57s):
Mahomes right now. Yes. Is what you said. But but hold on. I said that the other day lit me up. But what did you say the

2 (13m 2s):
Other I said, I said the, I said the Nuggets are Mahomes. The nuggets are the Chiefs.

4 (13m 6s):
No, the Nuggets can become the Chiefs by winning this year. Yeah. Winning. They, they, they, they, they're not there

3 (13m 12s):
Yet. The only thing I disagree with you on, Nick, is I I don't think the Lakers are the nuggets rival.

4 (13m 17s):
So they don't have one. Not right now. That's fine. Okay. That's

3 (13m 19s):
Fair. I, 'cause that was years ago when they played in a bubble. I mean, I, I don't think they have a rival, but everything else I agree with.

2 (13m 25s):
So he won that.

4 (13m 26s):
Of course. Well I gave you a history lesson about the songs.

3 (13m 30s):
I think you both did. Great job. I'm just saying, I I think LeBron was saying the right thing. Oh my God. I don't think it was fear about, I think it it's strategy.

4 (13m 39s):
Lance blew in his ear

2 (13m 40s):
In 1997. I'm,

4 (13m 42s):
Yeah.

3 (13m 42s):
And how did he respond when Lance blew in his ear? He sat there, he

4 (13m 45s):
Was scared bro. He didn't think they could win. He didn't. He didn't. So why do they talk all summer and then they learned, hold on. They can't talk. Wait a second. They can't, they can't match this team. Wait a moment. And the team is totally demoralized. Well the best You're saying that he can't talk, he shouldn't talk 'cause he's gonna make DeAngelo nervous. No, that's DiAngelo Russell so nervous. He's gonna get better. What the

3 (14m 2s):
Best chance they have of beating the nuggets is not to go out there yapping. It's to just stay calm and also and do your,

4 (14m 9s):
Your job. I reject the premise. Do your job. I reject the premise. They talked all summer because what happened was, wait a second. Mike Malone made fun of LeBron for something unrelated to the series entirely. He made fun of him about contemplating retirement and LeBron sent one Instagram post about Mike Malone. Like, Hey man, basically watch your mouth. That was not talking trash to the nuggets. That was, that was a person to person. He and Mike Malone You, you did a lot of research on this. Has LeBron said anything else about the nuggets all summer? You could say one thing. It was just one thing. So that's not summer.

2 (14m 45s):
And his coach said the blanket isn't over.

4 (14m 47s):
Yeah. Because they knew they were gonna play them again and they're they are now. They did three times and they

3 (14m 53s):
Lost strategic mode. Now the when when Floyd Mayweather, when Conor McGregor was talking all that mess, he even took his hat off and all that stuff. He remained cool. Alright, we're gonna sell it in the ring. 'cause he knows, don't make it personal, just stay strategic. You made great points. I agree. But LeBron's got the right talent.

2 (15m 11s):
Before we move on, if they were scared, how would they respond?

4 (15m 14s):
They would've avoided the matchup.

2 (15m 16s):
You th Oh, so okay, that's on the board. They would've thrown a game maybe. I don't know. But then that's fair

4 (15m 21s):
Because, so

2 (15m 21s):
Since they didn't throw

3 (15m 22s):
A game because you were thinking about it now granted maybe it would've been Golden State, which still is beating you throughout a Ford this year, but Sacramento had beat you eight outta nine. I don't think they would've thrown it.

4 (15m 33s):
Don. That's terrified.

2 (15m 34s):
I'm just saying scared. I dunno what they, that's terrifying. I

3 (15m 35s):
Dunno how they would've responded but I don't think this is here. I think it's strategy. Okay.

2 (15m 39s):
What like they're responding Now tip off set for eight 30 tomorrow night in Denver. Right now the Lakers are at seven and a half point underdogs. Last time the Lakers were in Denver opening night where they lost by 12. Bro, do you want to go here first?

3 (15m 52s):
I can.

2 (15m 53s):
Okay. What are the chances the Lakers steal Game one?

3 (15m 56s):
I don't think they will, but I think this game is more important to Denver. I do think that, not that it'll switch my pick 'cause I got Denver in six won't switch my pick. But if you are Denver and you win this game now the Lakers, it's like they beating us nine straight times. Nothing's changed. We've been winning with this lineup. Nothing's changed. Right? If Denver loses game one again, I think they still will win the series. But now there's pressure on you to win game two. I buy that. You gotta win game two if you're, they win game one. If they lose game two it's still like, okay we're good. But if you win lose game one, you have to win game two.

3 (16m 39s):
So I think that, I don't think the Lakers will win this game, but I think the pressure, not pressure, but it's more important to Denver to win this.

4 (16m 49s):
So listen, the Lakers last year, the way they won their first two series was Steel game won and then win at home. They didn't win a bunch of road games. And I understand Denver's this massive home court advantage. If you win game one, you don't have to win there again. Right. And you can win the series in six. Now I heard Wilds talking to his buddy Bill Simmons. Simmons brought up the point that if the Lakers were gonna play Denver round one was the time to play 'em and Wilds instead of laughing at him the way he laughed at me when I mentioned that, he was like, oh that's a good point. Heard that before. Oh wow that was, that was weird. Come up with that bill. No, of course he can be credit. He acting like it's totally new information. It's Unbelievable this guy, you get him off this set and he just all loyalties out the window.

4 (17m 31s):
So I've said that was I but here's the point. Here's the point. I'm being a little unfair to while there, I'm just jealous I haven't been invited on the pod. The question is how are they gonna close? Because last year that's where the series was lost. And this year that's where the Lakers have won, not against Denver, obviously. I'm saying that's where, so I just wanna run through a few of these full screens quickly to remind people last year in the conference finals LeBron was bad in the fourth. There's no way around it. His field goal percentage fell off of the cliff. He was, he he was bad. He looked gassed. He obviously couldn't even shot also

2 (18m 3s):
Trying to

4 (18m 4s):
Hurt. Yeah, well yeah, I mean I felt that way. And, I'm not trying to use it in excuse. I agree. But I think that's fair this year, I know he didn't show up on anyone's clutch player of the year ballot. For some reason it would seem this year LeBron led the league in fourth quarter. Scoring was fourth in the league in fourth quarter field goal percentage. And in clutch games, the Lakers and LeBron, we can show it to you. They were 19 and nine in clutch games. The three and a half points sounds like a low number, but keep in mind you're talking about the waning minutes of the game. And, it was third the league with in shooting percentage in the clutch. So if LeBron is good in the fourth quarter, that to me is enough to turn last year. If he was good in the fourth quarter, that series goes six or seven in Denver wins in my opinion.

4 (18m 48s):
Like that was, that's how close those games were. I think Denver wins that series nine out of 10 times. But I think one out of 10 is the sweep that we saw. So I think they can steal game one. They are arrested, they are motivated. I do not think they're scared. And I think they understand the blueprint wilds of last year's postseason, which was steal game one. Don't mail in. But you know, you're probably not going to, you know, win game two and then take care of your two at home where you've been good all year. Okay.

3 (19m 15s):
I I I think the problem is not so I mean. Yeah, obviously LeBron wasn't great last year in the fourth quarters and you need him to be big. But really the problem is what they have got to do is win the non yage I mean they, they gotta destroy the non Yage. you have to crush those minutes and actually play better when Yage is on the court. Yeah, because they I mean last year they won the non Yage. We've got some, they won the nine Yage min by 14. Alright. But Yoic was so dominant when he was playing it was plus 15. So they've gotta cut into the Yoic minutes. Alright. That's right. And and maybe with a healthier LeBron, but I see LeBron did look Gass.

3 (19m 57s):
I was surprised how gassy looked against New Orleans. Yep. In the fourth quarter. This is now an altitude that's a factor

4 (20m 4s):
In this thing. I wonder how much

3 (20m 5s):
New, but this

4 (20m 5s):
Will be an Al Orleans Orleans thing. Was him guarding Zion the whole time? Yeah, because And I like Zion, it's not just, I

3 (20m 11s):
Think that was a big, I

4 (20m 12s):
Think it was a huge part of it. And I understand he's gonna have to defend in the conference final, but guarding Aaron Gordon, even though Aaron's big

3 (20m 18s):
And strong, but you know who it could affect. Ad yes. Whether he guards yo that's guard sometime that could affect ad offensively.

4 (20m 25s):
I can, one more thing. Do you wanna go wild too?

2 (20m 28s):
No, it's just that like I had two, I had a question for you. Yeah. The, the Lakers just aren't good at home. They won 19, or excuse me, on the road. They won 19 games of the Grizzlies won 18 and meanwhile Denver's 33 and eight at home. But, and then you're talking about the fourth quarter. Do we think that LeBron is gonna have to play extended minutes and do we think that his fourth quarter now maybe it's was just a Zion thing or maybe it's like, oh, oh I'm kind of outta gas because I'm over.

4 (20m 55s):
So that's,

2 (20m 55s):
I'm playing three more minutes into the fourth quarter than I normally did.

4 (20m 58s):
So keep in mind the Lakers had already played a dozen games in the month leading up to, or less than a month leading up to the series last year. And the games were every other day. That's why I think game one's critical. Game three where you have a, or is it game three or four where you have extra days off is critical. The Western arm finals, you have none of it. But the other factor is, and I'm gonna show you this and we move on. The best fourth quarter player on the nuggets last year in this series was Jamal. Jamal the 23 point fourth quarter. So here's Jamal's numbers in the Western ORM finals. And then in the finals the Lakers will sign up in a heartbeat for the finals numbers. Like if Jamal has 21 and 10 as averages decent but not amazing shooting percentages, they'll sign up for it.

4 (21m 39s):
I'm showing this for this reason, primarily Western ORM finals. The number one guy guarding him was Darren Shrewder at a brutal series on both sides in those finals, you guys remember who was guarding him? It was Gabe Vincent who now plays for the Lakers And. so that is a slight wrinkle that I do think matters here. That the, the again it brew, I understand your, your squeamishness, if that's the right word. That okay, how much is that gonna matter? I I'm not talking about world changing differences, but slight differences that turn games. The Lakers were, you know, down three with a minute left into games. They're up one with a minute left can flip a series And. so that's Denver

3 (22m 19s):
Controlled the three games this season I mean. Oh no doubt. Even though doubt some of them were close, they, you know, the Lake I mean they, the Lakers led for about 30 minutes of the three games. There's no question about it. And Denver, you know, they're the, I think they're the best clutch team in the league 'cause their execution is so great and obviously Yoko is great. So it'll be interesting maybe

2 (22m 38s):
Between the Murray stopper and Rui the Joker stopper.

4 (22m 42s):
I didn't say the Murray stopper. 21 and 10 on 45, 30 eights great. My pitch are very good, but it's not 33 a game.

2 (22m 49s):
February 12th, 2020. Last time LeBron won in Denver. Are the bills better off with Stefan Diggs with how better off? Yeah, I think well yeah, they are better off with him I think. Okay. It's next on the show and on the radio.

The Joel Klatt Show (23m 6s):
Hey college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt show on Spotify.

2 (23m 25s):
Josh Allen doesn't quite have a wide receiver one now that Stefan Diggs is on the Texans. He was asked about it during media availability and here's what He said, take a listen.

7 (23m 36s):
Obviously, I, I wish we can keep everybody, you know, we, we've made a lot of changes this off season. Lost a lot of veteran leadership. Steph being one of them. I guess that's the nature of the business and going into year seven now, it's just kinda is what it is. you know, I don't, I don't get paid to make changes on the team. I get paid to be the best quarterback that I can be and try to lead the guys on this team.

2 (24m 1s):
I don't know if I agree with that. A FC East Odds Bill's still at one Miami on their heels. The hold on. What did he say on that podcast? Jets at three and the frisky will be better than you think. Patriots at Four Brew. Do the bills deserve to be a FC East Favorites

3 (24m 18s):
Deserve Sure I mean. Look, they've won the last four years. Sure they have the best quarterback in the division. The other franchises saved. The Patriots who are bad right now have been pretty much historically bad at least the last few decades. Alright, yeah. So that's fine. But on paper. On paper, the best team in the division is the Jets. Oh God. On paper that if, like Nick says, if everybody's healthy, if we're, I only say

4 (24m 49s):
That in basketball, everybody's

3 (24m 50s):
Healthy. Not

4 (24m 51s):
Not in football when it never is the case, but go ahead.

3 (24m 53s):
I mean if, if everybody's healthy. The Jets are the best team. They won seven games last year with the worst quarterback play in the league. They beat Buffalo, they beat Philadelphia, they beat Houston with the worst quarterback play in the league. If Rogers is just solid with these weapons. Weapons, You. you ever heard of Garrett Wilson? I mean

4 (25m 20s):
Garrett Wilson. you ever heard

3 (25m 21s):
Mike Williams?

4 (25m 22s):
Well I mean his, his orthopedic. He

3 (25m 24s):
Darn near excellent when he is healthy. Okay. Brie Hall

4 (25m 26s):
Darn

3 (25m 27s):
Near excellent I mean come on. They got weapons.

4 (25m 29s):
Hold on. Brie can Jets fans are gonna get mad at me, whatever. Ire hall's fine. Bruce Hall's fine. Yeah, he was awesome.

3 (25m 38s):
Fine. Running back

4 (25m 39s):
Is all need

3 (25m 40s):
Nowadays. A fine running back might run for 1200 yards.

4 (25m 43s):
Okay, well Brie Hall last year didn't manage a thousand. He, Jeff tried to game the final game of the season to get him to a thousand in addition to being poorly coached their poor math and he ended up missing it. Just missing out on, on him about that. They're like, ah, somebody screwed up the

3 (25m 55s):
Advocates. How were they? Poor And, I'm not sayings is Vince Lombardi okay,

4 (26m 0s):
How were they

3 (26m 1s):
Poorly coached when they won seven games, bro. And beat the teams I just mentioned bro with Zach Wilson at quarterback

4 (26m 8s):
Bro, listen, I am this weird guy who believes the coaches stat is wins. I know you don't, you think it's hard.

3 (26m 16s):
Yeah, but I need some

4 (26m 17s):
Players. Okay, I get it. My point is I need a qb. I don't know how to evaluate Robert Sala other than the coaching staff. He fills out I'm unimpressed by I don't think Nat Hackett and inspiring offensive coordinator. Choice is game management. Well that was era. Era which I'm wildly unimpressed by. And then his win-loss record, which is bottom 10 in the modern era. Well, yeah. Of coaches who have gotten this many games. Who's quarterback been? Okay, so here's the thing. So I'm glad you keep focusing on quarterback because I am, I know this will shock people. I'm not the biggest Buffalo Bills fan. Oh, I'm not the biggest Josh Allen fan, but I agree with what you said.

4 (26m 58s):
He is clearly the best quarterback in the division. I bet every other division favorite that you would pick has the best quarterback in that division. Every single one Bru. Who do you like in the a FC North this year? He's gonna get you. Well, Baltimore. Baltimore who's And it, it's fine. Yeah. And CJ Houston. But that mean I don't that let's go to the nfc. Yeah, let's go to it. Let's go to it. Who do you like in the NF Cs this year? Philly. I like Philly. Okay. Who's the best? There's ans an argument though. No. Last year Dak, but there was Jalen on the MV ballot. No, no. And that, and by the way, Alex and Dak was closer than and Dak and they won the division. So but you think Jaylen's better and you think the NFCI think it's NFC South through who do you like this year?

4 (27m 39s):
NFC South. I know who you know. Okay, who's the best quarterback? N-F-C-N-F-C West You know what what I'm gonna get him. Why? Okay, I'm waiting for it. NFC West. Yeah. Who do I like? You like the Niners and Brock. Exactly. And he's better than Matthew Stafford. You think he is? That's why you like him. Is he better than Matthew South? No. And I Like the Rams more the Niners buddy. You like the Rams? Oh yes. Okay. And. so the, so my point, I think here's the moral of the story. Yeah. I think Brew's a closet Jets fan. Oh yeah. I think bro keeps it real. Just keeps it real. Because you're doing something for the Jets you wouldn't do for any other team, which is say despite the fact that they clearly don't have the best quarterback in the division, and despite the fact that they clearly don't have the best coach in the division, I'll pick 'em to win it Anyway.

4 (28m 26s):
That's, that's but it's the roster. But bru that, again, that roster that we're talking about, if the quarterback is pretty good though, right? He's a good quarterback. But we're talking after bro. Like Miami is dismissed entirely from this conversation. But if I came on here and said weapons, we want to talk weapons, Miami would have that. And You know what Miami's problem is. What, what the Jet's problem is, is is everything. It's his, it's everything is health. It's, you think it's

2 (28m 53s):
Different. That's just a health issue.

4 (28m 54s):
What else is it? What's the, other than health, what's the problem? A history doesn't matter. I mean Bills haven't had a great history recently. What do, what do you I mean? Okay, go ahead. Have they I mean I mean health, the re all that doesn't matter. Okay. The history. Okay, I'm talking about right now. What have you done for me? Mike? JETS Jet. Shit, shit in that division, the division's a mock. Ah, the,

2 (29m 17s):
We'll see Texas gm Nick Rio pushed back against the insinuation that Stefan Diggs may be a disruptive presence in the locker room. Take a listen.

8 (29m 30s):
I think it's unfair to label anybody until they have a, actually have an opportunity to walk in the building. Again, our environment's different than another environment, so we really don't know what's going on in, in 31 other buildings. We know what's going on in our building. So decided to have stuff here.

2 (29m 45s):
Okay. Any chance this trade backfires?

4 (29m 48s):
The I mean, I think of course there's a chance it backfires. The So Diggs every year with Buffalo had 160 targets. Yeah, the fewest was one. Oh, you, we can show it I guess. Yeah. The Wilds has it that it was amazingly consistent. Yeah. And I was shocked that last year 'cause it, because his production fell off a cliff at the end. That last year was still Nope. Exactly where it was every other year for the Texans. Last year brew, one guy had more than 90 And. it was Nico Collins at 1 0 9. Yeah, I think that comes September after training camp Nico Collins might be considered a better player than Stefon digs.

4 (30m 29s):
I'm not g I'm not guaranteeing that. I think it's all on the board. One player's on the way up, one guy's on the way down, and this is the downside in my opinion, to the ripping up of the contract that they did, Stefan is going to theoretically be on his best behavior because it's a free agent year. But he also might be extra irritated if he's not getting the targets, because by that it's a free agent year. So I'm not predict predicting like, oh this is a disaster. It's so low risk. So low cost I should say. But of course there's a chance that he comes in there is marginalized for the first time since you know, his early part of his career in Minnesota and is not happy about it.

4 (31m 9s):
So yeah, I say yes, no,

3 (31m 11s):
I agree. Look, I think he's smart enough to know it's a contract year. Got somewhat of a reputation, you know, out there. All right, so let me be on my best behavior, but as Nick said, the contract year could work the other way. I need some numbers. Yeah. If, if if Tank Dell or Nico Collins is getting more targets, more numbers and Steph starts squawking with a young quarterback. Honestly, if that were the case, I would trade him. Get rid or cut him. Get him. Yeah. I would not let that ruin my, I wouldn't really ruin my season. Like if And I don't think I'm with Nick. I don't think he's going to do it, but it is on the board and if he does start doing it, I gotta get rid of him. It's

2 (31m 50s):
A good test for cj.

3 (31m 52s):
Yeah. CJ's

4 (31m 52s):
Leadership,

3 (31m 53s):
How to handle it. Yeah.

4 (31m 54s):
Yep. It's a good, the, the in, in a weird way, this is kind of, I'm sure this isn't why Crio did it, but this is a benefit of having a calling. Flam, flamboyant is the wrong word, but potentially, you know, emotional mercurial, mercurial player is for your young head coach and young quarterback. Getting them experience in dealing with it, seeing how they deal with it and seeing how You know what I mean if it doesn't go right. How they can learn from that. Because I know people are super high on the Texans this year. And I understand why people would be, but they're super, if, if they are, if their super old windows open, it is barely and has just, it's going to get the window's gonna open wider And.

4 (32m 38s):
so having this type of experience for good or for bad could be good for them.

3 (32m 42s):
He can't be forcing it to staff.

2 (32m 44s):
You gotta do a little bit. A little bit. He means early, early or bubble screens.

3 (32m 50s):
He gotta play his best

2 (32m 51s):
And be possible early exit. What does this mean?

4 (32m 54s):
I have an insane bead idea. A really insane idea.

2 (32m 58s):
Just stay in New York Garden's gonna be rocking down the street game. One Sixers, three point underdogs. Now bru, if this goes south for Philadelphia, specifically for Embiid What, would a first round exit mean for the reigning MVP?

3 (33m 13s):
I've got the Nixon seven. I think I said it yesterday. All right, so it will go south. Look, he has the built-in excuse of the injury. What is he? 75%? Who knows? Alright, he looks like he's playing on one leg, but I'm no longer taking that as an excuse to me now. He's 30 years old. This is who Joel MB is. It's, i it's something I'm baking in every year Now, now he, he was the MVP in the first few months of the season and maybe next year, even if they get beat this round, he'll come out and be that for the first few months of the season and maybe for two thirds of the season and not get hurt. But guess what? In the playoffs, I will not expect that guy.

3 (33m 56s):
I will expect a lesser version of that because he's going to be banged up. It's now, now I look at it like if a guy's short or if a guy's slow, it's a deficit. It's a flaw. You gotta overcome. Yeah. And this is not changing. This is what I'm baking into Joelle. It is not changing. So at 30, is it

4 (34m 16s):
Changing? I didn't, I didn't know you were gonna say that, but that then means you might, you have to at least fully consider what I'm gonna propose here. Okay. And by the way, 'cause I disagree with you on the, your prediction for the series, I picked Philly, but let, we're assuming they lose to the Knicks. I think next year he should start at the All Star group. I agree. Hold on. No I mean

3 (34m 41s):
I'll, but hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.

4 (34m 44s):
Here's the problem.

3 (34m 45s):
This year he restarted.

4 (34m 48s):
No, but he was like two weeks to go, right? No, but he was, he got hurt, but Right. But he was already hurt. He, he'd suffered a significant injury that if the if while he was gone, lemme put it like this. If while he was gone, Philly had fallen out the playoff race entirely, they'll be, that's the Well, no. So, but that's, that'll be up. And they have, they have a lot of cap flexibility remake the roster, all these things. I know it sounds ridiculous, but this guy is one of the biggest overall players we've ever seen. Yes. That he's, he's a true like seven, two and three You know what I'm talking about. I'm all of it. And almost all of those guys dealt with significant injury issues except for really Shaq.

4 (35m 32s):
Right. And credit to Shaq. It's part of his greatness. Shaq dealt with the toe and then played a long time and got hurt. But like, but Shaq also started his career way smaller than Embiid. Orlando, Shaq You know what I mean Was skinny. Skinny, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then put, put on the weight and became more dominant. I don't think it is, I think it's on the board that Joe l Embiid has 50 awesome games in him a year. I buy that because of his body. Through no fault of his own. No, I And because of that, if that is now at 30 damn near a decade into his career, we know that then you might have to do outside the box things and the outside the box things might be okay, the 50 games we're gonna get are the final 30 regular season games and 20 playoff games.

3 (36m 16s):
You You know what I think you do. I I hear you. And that makes sense. I think you just low man and, and I'm not a fan obviously of low management, but in this case, in certain cases, I, you just have

4 (36m 25s):
To do, you've got do no choice.

3 (36m 26s):
Kawhi Leonard, him, like, I would start him into the regular season, but I'm low managing maybe plays one game a week or something real for a while. Like and also though, and I'm just throwing this out there when we talked, they got Cap room as you said, this summer, if the Lakers lose and if LeBron is like, I just want a championship, that's the place to go. Because mb it, I don't think it's gonna be the number one guy in the playoffs series. I think you need a number one and let it be LeBron. You got Maxie.

4 (36m 54s):
I, I've loved that idea for

2 (36m 55s):
A long Can I, can I pitch you this theory? Yeah. Or just try to poke holes in it. I love that. The idea conceptually from a practical standpoint, you know, we're on a back to back. No, we're not even on a back to back. We have a day off and we're sandwiched between Boston and Milwaukee for some reason. And he gave it all against Giannis and now Boston and there's a chance for us to jump the standings or whatever. How, and, and I'm Tyrese, Maxey, And, I just gave it my all. I flew into overtime. I played 15 minutes. You're gonna be like, yeah, I'm out. Like, are you hurt? Like no

4 (37m 34s):
I mean

3 (37m 35s):
Everybody understanding.

4 (37m 36s):
I think everybody would understand. I think there are certain things, this is the same. Like I think that there are certain guys, like if, if this thing that I'm proposing here, let's say LeBron had gotten hurt again at the end of this year, but wanted to keep playing. I would've proposed the same And. it was like, okay, LeBron at this age just can't play a full season. It's understandable.

2 (37m 54s):
It's almost have to like the,

3 (37m 56s):
I don't think, I think starting him so late is kind of tough. But again, play through the season and take

4 (38m 1s):
A lot of days off doing something Again, I don't think it's gonna come to that, but I, if they lose and he's not a hundred percent You, you can't just keep doing the same thing. No. And Kawhi is another good example man. Benon another good example. Ben

2 (38m 13s):
Is love this segment. Well, LeBron out play Joker, welcome back to the show. Coming up in 11 short minutes. Now it's 10 short minutes. It's title pie. We did not get a pie, but the segment is still going to be,

3 (38m 31s):
We gotta get a pie delicious going forward.

2 (38m 33s):
Okay, dusty, can you try to get a pie? The Canadian store in the corner please gave you permission. Welcome back to the show. This mud, Mike Malone, very complimentary of LeBron and his scared longevity.

4 (38m 47s):
Well this is not what Mike Malone was saying over the summer. What, what's going on here?

2 (38m 53s):
The play sound.

10 (38m 56s):
It's really amazing when you sit back as a fan of the game and not just his body of work, but what he's doing in present day. It's incredible. So yeah, I hope he gets tired. I hope he wears down. But I, I have, I've seen no signs of LeBron James slowing down by any means.

4 (39m 14s):
Wow. But when he was on with McAfee, here's what He said

2 (39m 17s):
Was so scared. Fourth quarter of the Pelicans game, I was over at Joker's house getting a little bit of that Serbian alcohol, whatever it was more to gain this series LeBron or Joker.

4 (39m 25s):
Go ahead bro.

3 (39m 26s):
It is a great question. And let me quickly throw this in though. Jamal Murray aton the game because this pro, if they were, because I'm assuming the winner of this series, the question, the title, this wins the championship. Yeah. Because if you, if you lose in the next two round, you know it's not going to matter that much. But wins the championship. Jamal Murray probably seals himself as a hall of famer, no doubt without any Allstar period date. But still, and Anthony Davis already top 75. But you know, but

4 (39m 52s):
Validates it, that was a controversial,

3 (39m 55s):
Honestly he shouldn't be right now. But if you win this, it validates it. Yep. But to the question, look, Yoki to me, if he, he moves past Moses Malone or my list, I had him seventh I think behind Moses seventh. Yeah. 'cause it the first five obviously Russell, Kareem Sha

4 (40m 13s):
Oh you're just doing sinners. Sinners, yeah. Yeah.

3 (40m 15s):
Okay. No, he moves ahead of Moses. Okay. And now you got a real debate about him and Elijah and I mean Elijah won his with one without Jordan at least And. so there's a debate there, but the answer's clearly LeBron because it's the go like this would really bolster his goal.

4 (40m 33s):
But you debate, go ahead, I'm sorry.

3 (40m 35s):
His goal argument, you know, I mean we see how have, see how it plays out. But if he won this fifth ring, it I mean Now it becomes a real I mean it's a real debate anyway. But you got it is it is a stronger argument for him. Of course if he's got five and he's got the, you know, everything else, obviously all the individual, you know, 25%

2 (40m 55s):
Stronger. The the

4 (40m 57s):
See where was, wait a second. I mean by the way, I wasn't trying to even talk about a championship.

2 (41m 2s):
I thought we were just talking about the

4 (41m 3s):
Series. Me too. But wait A But now I am there. But

3 (41m 5s):
It doesn't if they lose the next round.

4 (41m 8s):
But see that's why it doesn't matter. That's where I disagree with you the first

3 (41m 10s):
You think if he wins this series but loses in the next round,

4 (41m 13s):
I have to do something else first. The thing you said bur is obviously correct that if LeBron gets to five, it totally changes the goat debate. It does and win. I'm sorry that I now for the second time have to do this. When Bill Simmons said it to wilds 24 hours ago, wilds didn't make any sarcastic smart ass comments like he just did to you. He was like, yep, something makes sense, go ahead. I said five to six. I said five to six, five to six. And then he made the point, which is correct, like yeah but if he, if it is one ring difference, but then LeBron has all these other arguments for it.

3 (41m 45s):
I'm not saying it it, he say he's over, but of course definitely makes,

4 (41m 50s):
But I was not thinking about this in the se in the context of winner of this wins the championship. No, Bruce said It was a great question then answered another question. Right And. so well hold on.

3 (41m 59s):
So, so I wanna hear you. I guess you're gonna address that. Yeah, they just win this series but lose in the next round it changes things.

4 (42m 5s):
So, so here's, I think Yoic is in the absolute middle of the Lebo portion of his career. Larry O'Brien or bust. Yeah. Right. So winning this series and then getting popped by Phoenix means nothing. Agreed. Like

3 (42m 22s):
Its

4 (42m 23s):
Conversely for LeBron, if LeBron and his last gasps of his career, what might be his last playoff run, you know, any of these runs could be his last playoff run Beats the overwhelming conference favorites the team that most people think is the best team in basketball. Even though Boston has the rec best record, that is a very unique accomplishment. So I, here are my top 10 guys their age and their final playoff run. And what they did, and the reason I'm putting it up there is LeBron's 39. So all the real old guys that that made it this late, were doing nothing at that point. Now Jordan's final playoff run, he averaged 32 and won the title.

4 (43m 4s):
But obviously he was 35 the same age when LeBron won his, the unprecedented nature of being in year 21 at the oldest guy in the league. If he goes toe to toe with the universally accepted best player in the league and sends him home, it'd be impressive. That is something,

3 (43m 21s):
It would be nice, but it's not it to me. There's one mountain for LeBron to climb and that's Jordan to this doesn't change that at all I don't think if you don't win the championship.

4 (43m 33s):
See so I maybe

3 (43m 34s):
If you get to the finals, but if you got to the finals and lost, we talked about this now people are gonna be like you four and seven. I get what you, it would be a great accomplishment. But I'm just saying

4 (43m 44s):
But is it not? So that's

3 (43m 45s):
Just winning a series?

4 (43m 46s):
No, no, but it'd be a good

3 (43m 47s):
Year for him. It would be. But is it it changing the goat conference? Is it a factor in the goat's? I just, that's the

4 (43m 54s):
In-season tournament and knocked off

3 (43m 56s):
The, and then got beaten in the second round by who wouldn't be?

4 (43m 59s):
Kevin Durant. Yeah, Kevin Durran or the like the, see so I And I. Guess I just look at, I look if we're talking about the only thing LeBron can accomplish is the goat stuff. At this point I look at everything mattering it. It maybe not, maybe not. you know, some things matter massively like number of championships and some things matter a little bit. And I think that if you, if if as the oldest guy in the league as a plus three 50 underdog beats the best player in the league, you know when he's not supposed to, when both teams are fully healthy. To me that will be something that is remembered.

4 (44m 41s):
I be that people will be like when they're talking about what, especially if Yoic then what if Yoic then wins the next two. Yeah. It's like, hey, why didn't they win four in a row? It's like, oh LeBron in his last winning playoff series ever beat him. That's part of the legend by that

3 (44m 57s):
It, it would be an achievement but I just don't think it makes that much difference

2 (45m 0s):
In the on the goat. But it would be a nice yeah

3 (45m 3s):
Be it's already been a great season. Yeah for LeBron

2 (45m 8s):
Live. from New York. It's the show that just wants it go out. Have a good round one game Guys. Why are you trying to make it personal? You know what I mean. Just get some cardio in. It's the second hour of First thing's worse.

4 (45m 18s):
Wilds You, you better really help your 10 man clip got tweeted out by us

2 (45m 23s):
10.

4 (45m 23s):
Man you're about You. you calling the saying the Lakers have no heart.

2 (45m 27s):
I didn't say they had no heart. Yes. Well they went Tin

4 (45m 30s):
Man mode No heart. Yeah. Squeaky,

2 (45m 33s):
Squeaky. Nick's large adult Banian son versus Bruce Clippers gonna a first round exit, start an avalanche of changes for each team. Meanwhile, is Denver on upset alert? No, but right now it's the most delicious segment in all of sports. We don't have a physical pie. We've got something better. It's not the most delicious. A great segment. It's time for Title Pie.

4 (45m 56s):
Thank you so much Kevin. Wild. Before we reveal could have been my title Pie. I want a level set. I crunched the Vegas odds. Okay And, I'm gonna show you what Vegas's title Pi would look like. Great. So here are the teams in the playoffs that Vegas have as less than a 1% chance to win. So they, they're not gonna be on Title Pi. Now show us Vegas's title Pi to give you an idea of how overwhelming they think this postseason is. Hmm. They've got Boston with a 42.5% implied chance of winning it Denver with a 25 point a 5% chance and the rest of the league entirely 32% chopped up. Now if you add all those numbers up, you're gonna realize their numbers add up to well more than a hundred.

4 (46m 40s):
What? That's Well that's why betting futures is not the best idea. Folks, if you like a team to win the title bet on them in each series and just roll it over, roll it over. Don't bet futures. But that's what Vegas has. I didn't know that. Yeah, that's what they, they're suckers losing guys. Exactly right. Alright, now time for Title Pie. Zero percenters. These guys, listen I feel badly putting the cabs in the magic on the zero percenter line. Really? Yeah because I think that particularly the magic, they had a really admirable season and they are sons of guns to play 'cause of what they do defensively. Right? But they can't win the championship and the heat wouldn't be zero percenters. But with Jimmy Butler, their season could be over tonight and if not, it's gonna be over in short order.

4 (47m 23s):
'cause Jimmy's gonna miss round one. So all those guys are zero percenters. Now to the one percenters bruised Beloved Clippers, I mean Kauai again really? And get Ready America, it's your favorite, you know, eight to 14 days a year playoff harden. Oh boy, I'm excited for it. Another one for center. Listen, I'll be in the garden for at least a game. I'll be in Philly for at least a game. Wow. I'm excited for this series and I'm excited for them. I'm excited to see if Jalen Brunson does get in Club Superstar here in a few weeks, but they can't win four rounds. They can You know what I mean. They can win one round, they can win two rounds.

4 (48m 5s):
Maybe I'd give 'em a better than 1% chance to win three rounds. They're not winning four rounds. They're at 1%. 2%. If I can't interest you in playoff, pardon? Can I interest you in playoff? Go bear. It's the I mean it tastes the same. Just looks a little different. Also, I don't know if Carl Anthony Town's coming back who's actually good for them. And that's not an indictment on Carl. It was just you hate trying to work someone in right near the end of the regular season. A star in in particular. See New Orleans dealing with that now they have a 2% chance because Ant Man at could be his coming out party. I'm not dismissing it. Alright. 3% big series for Bradley Beal.

4 (48m 46s):
He, he finished the regular season strong. He fi he was healthy. He finally showed the idea of what, why they mortgaged what they had left. We know what we're gonna get from Kevin Durant. The problem is for Phoenix to win the championship, they not only have to win four rounds, they have to win all four rounds in six games or less. 'cause you don't wanna see game seven Devon Booker. I don't want, nobody wants to see it.

11 (49m 7s):
That's gonna be crazy.

4 (49m 8s):
Next, ugh Milwaukee 4%. There is a path here and the path is very, very simple. Damon Chris Middleton cook in round one and Giannis comes back for round two. Healthy. Oof. That is the path. And that Giannis, it's a tough path Health it it, that's why it's only 4%. But it, it's not an insane path. It's a path. It's not an impossible path. There is a path similarly, 6% for Philadelphia. How healthy is Embiid? What are they going to look like against that Nexts defense? What is Maxi going to look like with probably not, probably, definitely the most pressure that's ever been on him. Yeah. In his postseason career. And. so I do believe that one of these two teams, 4%, 6% Milwaukee or Philly is gonna end up in the conference finals.

4 (49m 55s):
When they do, how healthy will their best player be? That to me is the question 8% OKC. So round one they basically earned the buy like congrats to you guys. You guys get to move on because New Orleans gonna be without Z if they get their Sacramento. I'm not trying to disrespect the Beam, but No Malik Monk. No Kevin Herder Simon that Warriors game. You haven't been good. And then you, they are hoping that Dallas and the Clippers go seven games. Yeah. And is an absolute war. Yeah. And then Denver's got And. it could, in my opinion, the far tougher side of the bracket And. so you can see how they can do it and if Shea can really take that next, next level, which is do it in the postseason 10% Los Angeles Lake.

4 (50m 39s):
So here's the thing, brew I think gives them about a 20% chance to win the series. Yes. Okay. And if they win the series, Bruce says they're winning the title.

3 (50m 48s):
If they win the series, I think they're the favorites.

4 (50m 50s):
Right. So, so, so that's how I came with 10% was again, and even if it's just 20% to win the series and then cut it down a bit round by round after that. And I, listen, they need what I was talking about with OKC. They need Phoenix, Minnesota, which could be the best series round one to be a seven game war because I, and for those guys to really empty the clip against each other Denver at 15%, the here's why. Because of what Victor Wind Bema didn't game 81, they have the toughest possible path they could have had. And they're staring at not having home court advantage in either of the final two rounds were they to get there.

4 (51m 33s):
That's true. First, you've gotta deal with the Lakers who are there. Even if you think that the Lakers got no chance of winning, not who they wanted to play in round one. Sure. Then in round two you deal with two teams that believe they can beat you, that beat you for one or two games of playoffs last. They have a winning record against you this year, or at least played well against you I should say this year. So they're at 15%. So I put Dallas at 20% no noise. Kyrie and Luca as happy as can be. The defense has been better. I think Jason kids only improved as a coach over the years and playoff Luca dci, the last time we saw him was lighting the entire Western conference on fire with Jalen Brunson and nobody else alongside it with And.

4 (52m 16s):
so I put them at 20%, which puts Boston as the remaining third of the pie at 30%. They have the clearest path to the finals of any team I can remember. They had had one of the best regular seasons in NBA history by any metric. And they're already in the conference finals in my eyes. So that 30% brew, that is title pie.

3 (52m 40s):
It's a good job. It's a good job. And. I get why you picked Boston, you know, overwhelming or as the favorite because of the easier path. But I am going to take Boston down a couple things. Really? Yeah. Just because look, they feasted on a much weaker playing. The Eastern conference schedule is much weaker than what all of the Western conference behemoths had to go. They feasted on everybody though. They were eight and six. Eight and six against the top seven teams in the west. Okay. We don't even know the eight seed yet. So eight and six against the top 17. And here's, look, I think Denver right now, I feel like Denver, the Lakers and maybe Dallas would beat them in the finals.

3 (53m 23s):
So that's why I'm, I'm gonna mess with Boston a little bit. Look, we know what their issue is or one of them. The main one clutch. Alright. In the reg overall, like not clutch overall they have the best offensive rating in the league. Second best defensive rating in the clutch. This isn't horrible, but they dropped to sixth in both shows you that they're not nearly as good in the clutch situations as as they are during the regular game. And Jason Tatum, it's improved the tad but 36% field goals in the clutch. You look at Steph, you look at LeBron, you look at Yoic, you look at SGA though they have sky high shooting percentages in the clutch.

3 (54m 6s):
He's 33% from three and Jalen Brown is 20% from three in Clutch. So my two best players who we know they're gonna go to struggle in the clutch and what to win the championship is not gonna be a bunch of blowouts. The games are going to be tough. So that's why I'm taking Boston down a little bit. If

2 (54m 26s):
Only the

4 (54m 26s):
Town had more basketball scenes in it, maybe that part taken care of. I Don know studying it a lot. I don't know, maybe it help out brew. I think you make

2 (54m 33s):
Good kids. Missoula wants

4 (54m 34s):
Missoula. Yeah, Missoula is obsessed with it. The, what's their clutch situation in bank robberies? It's sky eye. It just doesn't come up in the NBA playoffs a

2 (54m 43s):
Lot. Alright, Phoenix, Minnesota. First round the other, earlier this week I talked about why Minnesota could win this series and now I'm gonna do the opposite. I don't know why the mayor, I'm just presenting data. This

4 (54m 55s):
Is Mr. Inconsistency.

2 (54m 57s):
I'm not, I don't know how this series is gonna go so I'm just going it,

3 (54m 60s):
It's gonna be

2 (55m 1s):
Both series Phoenix in March or whenever we looked at their gauntlet post all-star game. Yeah. 10 games. We did several segments that are like You know what Phoenix is cooked. They've got the toughest schedule. Well turns out March they were okay in April. They were great and their defense all of a sudden was a fourth best in the NBA in that stretch. When they went 10 and four, they beat Denver, they beat the Cavs, they beat the Clippers, they beat the Pelicans, they beat the wolves, they beat Sacramento. So they're pretty good. Look they, they beat the wolves three times, all pretty convincingly to the point that Anthony Edwards was blaming the referees. So I do buy a little bit of maybe the team that we saw for the first, I don't know, 80% of the year has finally decided to gel.

2 (55m 44s):
Now that Bradley Beal's like, oh, guess what? We did have enough time, unlike the Nets who never had enough time. So to really

4 (55m 50s):
Gel. So I listen, I think that those are all legitimate points. And I think good points. I am curious to see how anyone, whether it's the Timberwolves or if the Suns win the, the next round, whether it's against Denver Lakers, how they guard Kevin Durant. Yeah. Because at Durant is by any metric, in my opinion, one of the 20 greatest players ever. I think he is one of the three or four greatest scorers ever. But as he gets older, he seems to be more and more annoyed almost by just physicality.

3 (56m 24s):
No, that's how you

4 (56m 25s):
Guard right And. so he, and it's almost, I, what I'm gonna say here sounds dumb. It's not that he finds it disrespectful, but like that's almost, he just seems annoyed by it like that. It's like what he

3 (56m 36s):
Doing? 'cause he wants it to be about skill,

4 (56m 38s):
Right? I really did. It does.

3 (56m 40s):
Let me just showcase my skills. It

4 (56m 41s):
Does feel like that serious, like you guys are are mucking it up. And. so I, the I'm trying to give a compliment while also Yeah, the being honest about what I see. Well that's

3 (56m 50s):
How they go

4 (56m 51s):
Guardian. Correct. And, I think Minnesota is equipped to do that to a degree. And how much, how much will that bother him? And you know that the, if they get Denver in round two, which I know is what you think Aaron Gordon is just gonna be putting a body on him and being a pain in the ass. And. so I'm very, I hope the sun no distracted Minnesota. I hope the suns win. 'cause I want to see a, how he handles it.

3 (57m 15s):
And. I just want to

4 (57m 16s):
See

3 (57m 16s):
Tested

4 (57m 17s):
Deep in the playoffs. We haven't seen him in a long time.

2 (57m 19s):
Durant since leaving Golden State. 13 and 14 in the playoffs.

4 (57m 23s):
Yeah, he has laid 11 minutes post round two since his championship in 2018.

2 (57m 32s):
Mavs in LA starts Sunday afternoon game one, Luca pretty effective 34 points, nine rebounds and eight assists. So he'll be,

4 (57m 43s):
That's basically his top start. Just playoff numbers

2 (57m 45s):
Almost. Well then in the game seventies we was like 40 something. So he'll be there trying to thwart your clippers. What's on the line for your clippers for

3 (57m 55s):
Well, well first I I think I'm gonna state the obvious. My Clippers,

2 (57m 59s):
Yeah.

3 (57m 60s):
Feature a healthy Kawhi.

2 (58m 1s):
Okay. Oh my goodness.

3 (58m 3s):
And. so these aren't my Clippers, these are the clippers. Okay. My Clippers feature a healthy Kauai Leonard. Alright. And as I said, what last week or was it Monday? His knee is still swollen. Who knows if Kawhi is playing, obviously he's not gonna be a hundred percent,

4 (58m 16s):
You know, who doesn't know the Clippers the clip. Right, right, right. I'll tell

3 (58m 20s):
You I mean they may feel I'm sure right now they may be feeling like he's not. I don't think if he hasn't practiced with full

4 (58m 26s):
Contact I mean this line says Vegas doesn't think he is.

3 (58m 29s):
I'm gonna go here because without Kawhi they're not beating the Clippers. If they make the tough, I'm sorry they're not beating the mask. If they make it a tough six and they still could make it a tough series, but they won't beat them. This. Pardon me? They're signing that, giving Kauai that three year, 150, $2 million extension in January was good for him. Terrible move. Terrible move. Because think about it. Now you're stuck in this nomad, let's say they lose this series. So if you hadn't signed Kawhi, you could have let him walk. Paul George May leave as a free agent.

3 (59m 10s):
If he ops out, you could let him leave. You don't have to bring back Harden like they Westbrook isn't on a big deal. You wouldn't have PJ Tucker, you could like they would've been in position to revamp their whole team. And now you got I get that they're going, they're going into the new arena.

4 (59m 26s):
Yeah, but they don't have their own picks so they don't want to be bad. So then You know

3 (59m 30s):
What I mean. You just want to be relevant. Well, yeah and guess that's what I think. So, so does that mean okay,

4 (59m 34s):
You know, You know what I mean if they had their own picks,

3 (59m 37s):
Tear

4 (59m 37s):
It all the way down.

3 (59m 38s):
Makes sense. This team back.

4 (59m 39s):
Yeah. Now I think they're gonna, I think they're

3 (59m 41s):
Gonna, and you're not gonna win it, but you're just gonna be medi the Clippers You you pretty good. You're

4 (59m 45s):
Relevant I mean. Yeah. So I think that you're relevant. This is what's on the line for the Clippers. This series, in my opinion is the last chance to salvage what was what right now is one of the most overrated, you know, eras ever when they I I

3 (1h 0m 4s):
I, well it's just like the, it is just like the nets except

4 (1h 0m 7s):
With Durant. So here's, here's I think the distinction to it. The Nets with Durant were not, they were not met with the, the Clippers level of fervor and fanfare immediately because Durant signed there and then missed a whole, you know, And it had to sit out a whole year. So there was, and then they, it was once they got hardened into, you know, great, then all of a sudden there was a lot of super sky high expectations. But the first year with Durant and Kyrie Durant wasn't even playing the second year. Harden wasn't there yet. They weren't the You know what I mean. They weren't some favorites when the Clippers got Kauai and Paul George and Patrick Beverly is saying to Steph Curry, it's our time now and New Balance is trying to take Nike's market share.

4 (1h 0m 52s):
And they are no, the story was,

3 (1h 0m 54s):
He was king of la. They

4 (1h 0m 55s):
Were, yes, was king of La, king of And. it was, oh my god, LeBron and Kauai both trying to become the first guy ever to win finals. MVP for three different franchises. Kawhi Leonard, is he the best player in the league? A lot of people thought that

3 (1h 1m 10s):
He no And, it was a legitimate,

4 (1h 1m 12s):
A legitimate conversation. It was a legitimate conversation because he had gotten the rafter over the hump and done what he had done for that. If they lose this series for kauai's whole time potentially with Paul George, for them to never play in a single conference finals together. Now the team played in the conference finals that, you know, after Reggie Jackson, right? Reggie Jackson, Utah. That's right. And a great job by T Lou, that series. It'll just be such a what the hell happened? But it,

3 (1h 1m 40s):
We know what happened. But it, it is in I mean. I'm not trying to make an excuse 'cause it's it's a failure. Yeah, but it's injuries.

4 (1h 1m 46s):
No, I get it. But usually when like there's massive hype and excitement surrounding a group coming together. And, it doesn't work out. It's a fast fizzle out. It's the nets. Both times they've tried to do it You know what I mean. The KG and Paul Pearson with the this one this they Kawhi got to Los Angeles one year after LeBron did. Right? Like the, the And. so they have quiet Paul George have been together a long, as long as LeBron and Anthony Davis had been together that whole

3 (1h 2m 16s):
Time. Well what it And it again, that just makes the sign the giving him the extension all the more ridiculous. 'cause Kauai's been the one mainly hurt. I I think also another ramification harden like I I I would entertain bringing Harden back if he is great in this series. And by great I mean like every game you play Well like I'm not asking for vintage James Harden every game. If you average 20 and nine and you don't have any meltdown Yeah. Meltdown moments where you just turn the ball over left and right. You're running from the rocket won't shoot. If you just be James Harden, I might bring him back.

3 (1h 2m 56s):
'cause who else is gonna sign him? Well, well, so

4 (1h 2m 58s):
That's a big question. And do, do you ex, my other question would be this wilds, if they lose this series, will Paul George want to come back?

3 (1h 3m 6s):
He might be gone. He Right. I mean I mean he, he might be drawn to

4 (1h 3m 9s):
Something. He's a free agent. Like that was the other weird thing about it. That the, I understand the upside of Kauai with respect to Brandon Miller is higher than Brandon Miller's goat. The upside of Paul George. And it's not like Paul George has a totally clean medical history. But I

3 (1h 3m 24s):
Agree with you

4 (1h 3m 24s):
On this. But I, the Paul George is a far more reliable player and a better asset to have also because if you have him in her contract and you do want to pivot, he's more easily tradable. There are a lot of teams, right? Like KW Leonard, if

3 (1h 3m 38s):
He, that would be hard to trade.

4 (1h 3m 39s):
It's gonna be hard to trade him man on three years. One 50.

3 (1h 3m 42s):
Don't know if he's tradable.

2 (1h 3m 43s):
I, where's Paul George going? Philly.

4 (1h 3m 45s):
He could go to Philly you and see what other teams create catch

3 (1h 3m 48s):
Or is he gonna be, does he want to stay in Southern California where he is from? Or is he looking to But

4 (1h 3m 52s):
He's gonna be the

3 (1h 3m 53s):
The ring. Yeah. Philly's a great place. I would look at LeBron

2 (1h 3m 56s):
If

3 (1h 3m 56s):
You a and then Paul Georgia

4 (1h 3m 58s):
For Phil. Yeah if you want to get a ring, the Clippers are not where to be.

3 (1h 4m 1s):
Philly's the place to go if

4 (1h 4m 2s):
You want to win I mean everybody makes fun of Orlando, right? 'cause they have cap space. Orlando people are like, ah, you're gonna go sign with Orlando or do you wanna win? Orlando's gonna be playing in the playoffs when the Warriors aren't, when the Clippers might not be like, I understand they're Orlando but they have, they are in the easier conference. They have a number one pick that is a budding star. They have built something there that, that could be an attractive

3 (1h 4m 26s):
Option I don't think. Get them over the hump there and it's a bunch of young boys. Does he want to do that? No. And Clay Philly's the Oh and Clay. Clay and

4 (1h 4m 33s):
Paul George. Something that would be Orlando. That'd be like the Tim Dun Grand Hill thing. Orlando almost pulled off but no 20 years ago. Alright,

2 (1h 4m 41s):
Coming up next. That's the worst segment we do to be a hundred percent.

4 (1h 4m 45s):
Mine is great

3 (1h 4m 46s):
Bruce Mine's Mine

4 (1h 4m 48s):
Is

3 (1h 4m 48s):
Wild You, you mailed it in on this

2 (1h 4m 52s):
Time now for us to lift the band on puns and encourage brew to flex the creative muscles he honed and toned while spilling ink for some of the finest publications. Including the old Gray

3 (1h 5m 2s):
Lady.

2 (1h 5m 3s):
Yeah. In all the land it's Monday morning headlines. you,

4 (1h 5m 7s):
I know you don't have your reading glasses on. Do you guys see that Lakers Nuggets line? Because it was seven and a half years

2 (1h 5m 12s):
Starting to show.

4 (1h 5m 13s):
Oh a little. You convinced me Little smart money coming in on the Lakers. Oh my goodness. Wild. The staff's loyalty clearly is to you. Why? Because I asked for a different Photoshop here and they said they wouldn't do it. I asked, is it me bald? I asked for that. They said they wouldn't do it. Wild's getting nervous. Local barbers rejoice as the Lakers win game one in Denver. I asked for you bald and they wouldn't do it. Okay,

2 (1h 5m 39s):
Thank you. First of all, thank you. Your producers. What would I win? What do you if I accepted this bet, what do I win? You.

4 (1h 5m 46s):
You hate my hair. you get to watch it You. you don't.

2 (1h 5m 48s):
I don't. I thought you look

4 (1h 5m 49s):
Beautiful. Don't like the fact that's And I better hair than You. you criticize it all the time.

2 (1h 5m 53s):
I say you look like Brooke

4 (1h 5m 53s):
Shields one day. You. you don't. Exactly. It's a compliment. you me? You don't like the fact that I don't have to dye mine like you do your like the whole thing. Well you never

2 (1h 6m 0s):
Know. I get stressed out. It used to be all brown before working with you during the gray starts showing

4 (1h 6m 4s):
Up. Good.

2 (1h 6m 6s):
Mine is the same thing that I've written on Twitter. If you get a chance to follow

3 (1h 6m 10s):
Meda, just

4 (1h 6m 11s):
Give it a shot. Oh this is good. I

2 (1h 6m 13s):
Follow Nick. Let me

3 (1h 6m 13s):
Repeat. I follow Nick

4 (1h 6m 15s):
Hubs came up with this.

2 (1h 6m 16s):
Let me repeat. And then in yellow, no one is beating Denver in a seven game series. I write that all the time. I have to stay up late for meaningless

4 (1h 6m 22s):
Games. Alright, now the main event. Here

2 (1h 6m 24s):
We go. We go

3 (1h 6m 26s):
Nuggets. No joke nuggets or no joke. MVP leaves Denver to win over LeBron and Company. You like

2 (1h 6m 37s):
It? I get LeBron in company 'cause he's got a lot of businesses.

4 (1h 6m 40s):
I don't think that

3 (1h 6m 40s):
Do that. I just threw that in there. But yeah, sure. But the joke is good. That's good.

4 (1h 6m 45s):
Main. So I get, we got real stakes on Monday 'cause you've got Denver And, I game one. You've got Denver in a sweep. Not super close. If they don't sweep, you shave your head. Sweep like last

2 (1h 6m 55s):
Speak is next. We'll see you Monday, three o'clock.

0 (1h 6m 59s):
Hey college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast, the Joel Klatt show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.