0 (0s):
Plausibly live. Not good. I I thought you got that fixed

1 (4s):
Monday. Okay. It'll

0 (5s):
Be fixed. Plausibly Live from New York. It's a show whose bracket is already busted. Can you believe it?

1 (13s):
Brew needed BYU big time. Well, I didn

2 (15s):
Didn't believe had Sweet 16 or

1 (17s):
Bro's. Guys at Duque. Man, you

0 (18s):
Gotta believe. But then later on, oh, Thursday night, did you survive it?

2 (24s):
Yeah, I did. Well today, sir. I had a good Thursday

1 (27s):
Night.

0 (27s):
Is the hype around Caleb too high? Mark Sanchez joins us to discuss Meanwhile is Drake. May going to be week one ready out here. Looking like Josh Allen. And finally is Jayden Daniels going to follow in Mac Jones' Footsteps Pro Bowl in a playoff per the New England Patriots Or Nick thinks he's just too skinny. I

1 (49s):
I, it's not, I'm worried about that. He did. I like my football players to be big and strong. And I get nervous.

2 (56s):
So why he gets mad over the weight though? Well,

1 (58s):
He played in college football for a half decade. You think he would've by now he

0 (1m 2s):
Ran for 1100

1 (1m 3s):
Long he, listen, I think he's dynamic. It makes me nervous. We were like, you thought the same thing about Tank De. Yeah. And then he

0 (1m 8s):
Got his leg broke. Maybe he carries his Heisman trophy in his, his backpack. That

1 (1m 11s):
Would make, I'm worried about Tyler's size. He got hurt. I get nervous.

0 (1m 14s):
Tyler's five

1 (1m 15s):
10. I worry about these things.

0 (1m 17s):
Start with Caleb Williams. He had his Pro day earlier this week. Made some amazing throws. Defense. Not great.

2 (1m 24s):
Not great Non-existent

1 (1m 26s):
Yet. Like uscs real team. The perfect, that's true.

0 (1m 31s):
Bears Corner. Jalen Johnson joined the Kay Adams program and talked about how the defense could help his development take a listen.

3 (1m 39s):
You just humble yourself coming in the building. Yeah. And I feel like it's one of those things where it's like you can't, like you said, you can't bring that Hollywood stuff into the building. Especially now with guys who played this game, knowing what pushes him. If it is trash talk and trash talk, make some crumble. In I mean, I feel like we gotta push that button because people in the game, they're gonna push that button. So just depending on whatever it is that he needs to be pushed at, I feel like that's our job and that's our duty as his teammates to make him better, to strengthen his, his weaknesses.

0 (2m 3s):
Okay, I like that. What do you think a successful season for Caleb looks like?

1 (2m 7s):
Bears make the playoffs. Okay,

0 (2m 9s):
So

1 (2m 10s):
The 10 wins plus, so a three win improvement. He sets the Bears all time record for passing yards in a season, which sounds ridiculous, but then I tell you it's 3,838. If he averages 225 yards per game, he sets it. So just context, Sam Howell and Derek Carr last year would've set the Bears record for most passing R in any season. Sam Howell could throw the ball the, and he threw four a ton And so, well he, they both threw for right around 3,900. Sam had some big games then quieted off the wrong teams. But so yeah, I mean, and that we leave the season wondering if Caleb is the best young quarterback in the NFC, which right now would be between Jordan Love, Jalen Hertz.

1 (2m 56s):
Brew would probably include Brock Purdy. I would not, that's a successful season like that. And when I say young quarterback, I feel like Stafford is, you know, nearing the end. Of course. And that And so totally that, so that

0 (3m 8s):
Like cj, he would take CJ Stroud's, NFC.

1 (3m 11s):
Exactly. Right now, right now, Jordan, I think most people, I, I don't know if most people, some would say Jalen hurts. Some would say Brock Purdy and some would say Jordan Love. Like that's the young NFC quarterback triumvirate that he joined, that And I think maybe goes to the top of it, depending on Jordan Love could ascend even higher And. so that, to me, those are not unrealistic expectations. Three win improvement around 4,000 yards. And that he's looked at as one of, if not the best young quarterback in his conference. That's fair.

2 (3m 41s):
Well, you brought up CJ Stroud. I would be stunned if he has the rookie season as CJ Stroud. Does I mean that was the best rookie season ever? Well,

1 (3m 50s):
That's right. Right. So he would have to have the best rookie

2 (3m 53s):
Season ever. And that's obviously a high bar. So I I'm, I'm not saying if he's not CJ trial, I'm gonna be disappointed. Yeah, no, but what I see happening, I, I think he will start out fairly pedestrian. Alright. But I think it's, and what I wanna see if I'm the Bears and what I think is a successful, successful season is over the second half of the year, it starts to click and you can see it, right? He's more accurate, he's processing better, he's figuring out when to run more and when not to run. And, and it's really clicking. I I had the same numbers as you 10 and seven. I could see them going 10 and seven and missing the playoffs. I don't have them making the playoffs, but 10 and seven, I was thinking 3,500 yards, something like that.

2 (4m 40s):
But at the end of the season we feel like, okay, I'm not even going as high as you. Like, is he better than Jordan lover anything? I think at the end of the season, if you're like, okay, he, he's clearly the guy. They made the right choice. They got their future franchise quarterback, they're

0 (4m 56s):
Good. That's, that's your bar for success. Just knowing that he's good in their, see I agree

2 (5m 1s):
With that because I don't expect a ton from rookie. I, I just don't.

0 (5m 3s):
Do you think that your plan could backfire? Your expectations could backfire? What

1 (5m 9s):
Do you mean? Where if

0 (5m 10s):
They, you know, if they go seven in 10, well that the pressure, not only that there's external pressure, but it feels like he has, you know, won the Heisman. We talked to him at Phoenix super Bowl and he had very high, he's like, I'm gonna try to cut down even more on my interceptions. And I think he only had five but, and they wanted to compete for a national championship that kind of went away. He was very emotional that, that, that, that he might be putting too much pressure on that. All of a sudden he needs to take the Bears who haven't been good in a while all the way to the playoffs.

1 (5m 43s):
So yeah. So I versus

0 (5m 44s):
Just come one final thing. Yeah. Versus CJ was like, surprise Texans are good.

1 (5m 48s):
So Correct. So cj, because he wasn't the first pick, even though, you know, Brew and some other people thought he should have been and because the Texans have been mired in such football Hell yeah. Rotating through quarterbacks and coaches and all of it. He's, if the Texans had gone seven and 10 people would've been thrilled. So You know what I mean. Like, oh my g and instead they were excellent throughout the year. I, you guys know I'm not a quarterback wins guy. So I think yes, there could be a season where Caleb has a great year and answers the question Bruce's talking about and the Bears do only win seven games. If that happens, then what's unfortunate for Caleb is if that happens now he's probably gonna be on that. It's my second year and my second head coach because they brought back Matt Eber flu because Oh that would be bad.

1 (6m 30s):
They won those games at the end of the year. Yeah, because the defense was playing well and a lot of people in Chicago, 'cause that's what they did to Justin Fields, they brought back the previous head coach after, and then after Fields's rookie year they fire him. And now it's like, okay, new system, new coach. That's one of the things people said, yeah, they thought was unfair to fields. But I don't think if like all of a sudden ca the Bears defense takes a big step back from where it was last year or if the division, like you've talked about is really, really good and the Bears don't make the playoffs, I don't think people are gonna be like, ah, he's not the guy. No, I think it will be more about how he looks and what his stats are. Because if the Bears fans Brew have been so starved for a good quarterback that if he puts up good numbers, they're going to be thrilled.

1 (7m 16s):
'cause none of their quarterbacks have. No,

0 (7m 18s):
I agree. I agree.

1 (7m 19s):
None I mean since Sid Luckman s luck retired in 19 three super Bowl era.

0 (7m 22s):
We talk more about Sid Luckman. Listen,

1 (7m 24s):
Brew, And I are her historians of sports man. Like

0 (7m 27s):
The moment I'm more Gen Z. Look him up. He's, I'm more of the TikTok. He was good generation

1 (7m 31s):
Hall of Famer. Yeah, exactly right.

0 (7m 33s):
Is it on? Is he on TikTok highlights? And

1 (7m 37s):
I, my wife, his games weren't on tv but

0 (7m 40s):
Court drawings or something. Mark Sanchez next. NFL Draft right around the corner in joining us here to talk about all the quarterbacks is Mark Sanchez. Mark, thank you for joining us. You were at Caleb's Pro day yesterday and to me all pro days kind of look exactly the same, but I'm sure you know more than I do. Did anything jump out to you about Caleb's pro day?

4 (8m 4s):
No, I think it's interesting and one, thanks for having me, but two, this pro day thing, and maybe I'm too harsh of a grader and, and and too calloused from my years playing in New York or something. But you get this script right and you get to practice this routine. You get to rehearse with your receivers multiple times, probably 20 times leading up to today. The mental li lift here is quite light, right? There's no defenses, there's no disguising, there's no press coverage, there's no audibles. I mean you're basically just walking through some plays. It's routes versus air. So I'm not expecting many footballs to be on the ground. Call me crazy, but it should be pretty seamless, right? And, I thought Caleb analyzed his pro day perfectly.

4 (8m 47s):
He came on Colin's show immediately after and just said, Hey, I missed a couple deep balls. That was my only takeaway. Everything from, you know, 25 yards and under the deep end routes, the corner routes, the deep outs, all that kind of stuff. I mean it was laser sharp, catchable football, the ball was spinning, it looked effortless. Exactly what I'd want to see. A couple deep balls got away from 'em, got a little squirrely, missed a couple up the right sideline to Brendan Rice and on air. you know, is that alarming? Maybe not alarming. It's one practice. Now you also have to understand, I kind of grade these things on a pass or fail. you know, you're not gonna jump up 10 spots in the Draft because of a pro date. It just basically affirms what I've already seen on tape.

4 (9m 27s):
And this guy already has so much a electrifying tape that you're not really picking him to throw routes on air versus no defense. I mean that's, that's ridiculous to think that. So bottom line is pass or fail and an absolute pass.

2 (9m 41s):
Well Mark, he Caleb absolutely is the star of this Draft. I think he's been the most hype quarterback since probably Andrew Luck. So has it been too much hype or is it warranted?

4 (9m 54s):
I feel like every year this is kind of the new, the new routine. We all go through this dance. We kind of go back and forth, but at the start of the year there's one clear cut guy and he's in a different stratosphere that anybody else and nobody's gonna catch this guy. It's him and the rest of the field. And then by the end of the season we got six quarterbacks potentially going in the first round. And now you're trying to find reasons why Caleb is no longer the top guy and why all these other guys are just skyrocketing up everybody's Draft board and everybody's mock Draft board. So I think bottom line is yes, was he potentially overhyped? Absolutely. Now the expectation is through the roof. One bad throw at pro day, one bad game against Utah or whatever and now it's, oh man, maybe he's not the guy.

4 (10m 39s):
No, I still think he's the clear cut most talented, he's, his whole body of work shows his ability to adapt to different situations. I think one of the best things about him is his ability to extend plays. I mean he's so electric outside of the pocket. I've broken down plays for Colin coward on his show. And you see the kind of playmaking ability and if you can just harness that, eliminate some of the silly throws, some of the plays where he is trying a little too hard where he is trying to make, you know, chicken salad or chicken soup outta chicken crap. If we can eliminate those, buddy we are, we are off and moving and he's gonna learn it fast. And if he's in Chicago, he is gonna have some weapons.

4 (11m 18s):
So yeah, I think beyond a doubt he's, he's got everything you want. So

1 (11m 23s):
Caleb obviously won the Heisman two years ago. The guy who won the Heisman this year, Jayden Daniels Wildes has fallen in love with Let's go. 'cause he thinks that's who the Patriots are gonna Draft at three. It is very difficult to watch LSU this past year and not be wowed by a lot of it. but there are also a lot of moments where you watch Jayden and you're like, I know he's okay 'cause I know how the game ended, but I don't know how he's okay because it looked like he just got power bombed at midfield. How much is Jayden's style and also his pretty slight frame a concern to you because the only real concern I have is his durability.

1 (12m 4s):
But that might be the most important thing for any quarterback in the NFL.

4 (12m 8s):
Well, 100% And, I think as you look at all these potential top six guys, there's a formula to win with each of the six. Now are all of them gonna be gold jacket guys? Of course not. So where does Jayden fit in this, you know, Draft class? Well you see here the ability to run and the the pure speed I mean he's running away from SEC conference studs. And when you turn on the jets like that and you show me you can run like that, you know that's gonna be, that's gonna put fear in the defense every time you play on Sunday. Now what comes with that? Ask any quarterback that runs I mean you're gonna get hit. So how, how can you teach this kid to get down and not take that hit?

4 (12m 50s):
The one that looks like that You just mentioned getting power bombed I mean the guy gets folded up like a lawn chair a couple times. Yeah. And you're like, there's no way he leaves the field not on a stretcher. And this is Unbelievable and he pops right back up. So he seems to be durable. I think the most interesting thing about him is at Arizona State I saw a really good athlete playing quarterback. Right now at LSUI see a quarterback who happens to be a really good athlete. He processes a lot better. You can see him going through these progressions, full field progressions. And my only concern is some of these deep balls, like the guys running out the back door, just let's not make it an adventure there at the goal line. Just, I, I want to see some of those balls going away in stride.

4 (13m 31s):
The guy just walks, just runs right through the tunnel to the locker room and close out the game. you know, when I, when I analyze a quarterback, I wanna watch a dirty pocket. I wanna see him on third down, fourth down. I wanna see him in these crucial situations. This guy's got some impressive stuff. I would like to see that deep ball a little deeper on some of those. He's got a lot of jump balls in there that I'd like to see him, you know, throw out the back door, drop it in the bucket, let his guy go. But listen, he's, once again, there's a formula to win with him, but 6 4, 2 10 ish. Yeah I need you to, you know, what's he, that's, that's combine two 10, right? So

1 (14m 5s):
He five,

4 (14m 5s):
He's probably walking around 90 at 200, right? Yeah, maybe. And then you start a season and now you're one 90. That worries me a little bit. So he's got, he's gotta develop physically a little bit.

1 (14m 15s):
So that's my only concern. The top three guys, I totally understand why they're the top three guys Caleb. 'cause I watched the first game of his career again when he was at Oklahoma. Came in mid game And I was like, oh that guy's awesome. And then he was awesome. And to my eyes every step of the way, Drake may, it's like, ah, he's six four and a half, two 30 has a rocket arm. I understand Jayden we just talked about. And then you get to the fourth guy who some people think might be the third guy. Jim Harbaugh says, he is the first guy, JJ McCarthy and Mark, you gotta explain this one to me. I watched a lot of Michigan last year 'cause they were awesome. And every time I watched Michigan, it felt to me like they were coaching around the limitations of their quarterback.

1 (14m 55s):
Now I hear teams love the quarterback so much they wanna move up in the top five to get him. What am I not seeing with JJ McCarthy and what do you think of him?

4 (15m 4s):
Yeah, I think it's important also to understand because of all the movement and these opinions, remember there's 32 potential opinions and within those opinions of every building, there's like splinters of opinions. Okay? Yep. So you get this massive web of opinions. Now you don't have to get all 32 teams to love You. you don't, you just need one. And you want one team that happens to be pretty good, hopefully to move up and Draft you. That's the best situation. If you're writing your script and you're writing this as your kid is JJ McCarthy, you would want him to go to the best team possible. Well, that's not the way the NFL Draft works. The worst team gets the best pick.

4 (15m 44s):
So he might have the benefit of all these other guys going one, two, and three. And somebody who's a good ball club, potentially Minnesota, potentially one of these teams that was right on the brink of the playoffs nine and eight type team, which you guys know, nine and eight to 12 and five I mean we're talking a margin of this. It's a special teams play, it's a a fumble, it's an interception, it's a kick return and your whole season changes. So he's gonna get the benefit of going somewhere where he might not even have to play right away. Where he might have a sound offensive line in front of him where he might just like Patrick Mahomes, have an elite veteran that teaches him the process, that teaches him how to travel.

4 (16m 25s):
What's your routine on game day? How to watch third down tape. What, what really do you have in your toolbox to pick up these blitzes? How do you adjust protection? How do you learn how to see these different combo coverages and Zone blitzers and all that kind of stuff. Well, he might benefit from that. So in the long run he might be better positioned based on where he lands. And that's just, that's just the way it goes.

2 (16m 48s):
Well Mark, you mentioned Mahomes sitting behind Alex Smith and you called several or or a handful of Bears games this year, this past season. So you saw Justin Fields. Do you think it's best for him to go to Pittsburgh and kind of sit under Russell Wilson and learn? Or do you think, what chance do you give him to maybe take that starting job, if not at the beginning of the year then some point during the season?

4 (17m 12s):
Listen, I think there's plenty on tape to prove that Justin Fields, there's a formula to win with Justin Fields. It's gonna require a little less, you know, straight up drop back in the pocket. It's gonna be more of your RPO, your Zone read type game. But at times you're gonna be able to doctor up some of these play actions where he can get around up in the pocket, turn his back to the defense, give a hard play fake, and then make something happen. He's gonna extend plays, he's gonna do stuff like we're watching right now. But because of the situation in Pittsburgh, and this is pure speculation, I don't have any inside knowledge, but just knowing when you have two forces like that, that in one quarterback room, you almost have none.

4 (17m 52s):
Yes. Right. you almost cancel each other out. And it's, you know, the team's looking around just like you are as to, okay, who are we following? Who, who do we get behind? We're all trying to row the boat in the same direction here, but who's leading us? Who's calling out the plays And. it makes it difficult with, with big, you know, ego's probably the wrong word, but you know, big names, big superstars in a room, big names. you know, they come with guys talk about all these guys come with baggage, they got off the field issues. Well it's not a negative off the field issue, but they come with a lot of quote unquote baggage because they're superstars and nobody wants to play backup vocals. Right? And there can only be one, right? Right.

4 (18m 32s):
There can only be one quarterback. It's different. Receivers get to eat at the same time tight ends. Running back is a different position altogether. And in my experience and my personal belief is you gotta, everything in that organization has to be seen through the eyes of your starting quarterback. I don't care if you're the guy making food or the gal gal making food in the cafeteria. If you're selling season tickets, if you're in sweet sales and VIP experience at the stadium, everything has to be seen through the eyes of the quarterback. How do we get him better? How do we in some ways script for success? How do we just add little notches on this guy's belt? Let him climb every rung up the ladder, establish a leadership role and get everybody in on it.

4 (19m 15s):
That's what you have to do. That's what the good ones do. That's how you develop a quarterback. So when you have multiple guys in one room like that, I, I, it's a little cause for concern if you ask me.

0 (19m 24s):
It is something we deal with on the show often until you guys realize that, well that would be ego, that's ego's ego, right about that. Thank you Mark. Have a great day. We appreciate it. It was excellent. Yeah,

2 (19m 34s):
Thanks Mark.

0 (19m 36s):
It's time now to lift the band on punts and allow Brew to flex the headline writing Muscles he honed and toned while spilling ink for some of the finest publications in all the land. Yes, it's Monday morning headlines. Nick, you're the opening act.

1 (19m 50s):
Alright, we know in the NFL the lead story for every event is what did the Chiefs do? 'cause they are the imminent dynasty. So at 32 he's a good lad. Chief Steel McConkey falls to 32, the perfect shifty slot receiver to go along with Hollywood and Rashid Rice terror spreads through a FC. What was a weakness? Now strength, maybe that's wide receiver Pre-owned football. Once they add him at 32 best wide receiver. Im just letting you know. Watch lad McConkey highlights. Oh, watch 'em. What do you got? Okay,

0 (20m 20s):
I got a classic bro. Really a classic. Arizona Cardinals, Kyler Kyler gets a new weapon. Vin Harrison Jr. All of a sudden people will say, wow, Kyle can really play.

1 (20m 33s):
Well done

2 (20m 34s):
Wildes. Alright You, you guys are gonna like this. You really are. Okay, let's see it. Let's see it Bo. My goodness. Now look at these subheads after Nick seen Russ Bo Nicks. Yeah, we get it. Peyton puts future in hands of Oregon qb. Well y'all, y'all underwhelmed Bo My goodness. The after nicking. Yeah, no, we get it. I saw that part. It's like Bo Nicks, his name is Bo Nicks. It also could have maybe worked for Michael Pennix, who has Nicks at the end of his name. Christina delivered Bo. I like the, I would've done more with the bow brainstormed on this. I hope you're right about that. Brew. We'll see you on Monday. I hope the Broncos take him over.

2 (21m 13s):
Pennix Bo, you want him to take Pennix? They gotta take a quarterback right?