The Joel Klatt Show (0s):
Hey, college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions? Then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.

2 (18s):
Wow, you

1 (19s):
Weren't back in a big way. I'm back baby. Oh my goodness. Wow. Live from New York. It's the show that it's still recovering from eating several cookies yesterday. Bru, how you feeling?

2 (28s):
I, I did have a sugar rush after

3 (30s):
This time. I mean this

2 (30s):
Guy. I had a headache for a good hour or two after the show.

1 (33s):
It's First Things First down. Today are the Cowboys looking to draft a quarterback to replace Dak. We discuss Meanwhile Lakers lose to a record hot shooting Warrior Warriors team. How devastating was this loss for LeBron and Company and finally a special edition of tears. Are these Sixers flying up the standards? Mm.

3 (57s):
What did you just say? Hmm. No. Are the Sixers flying up? What?

1 (1m 1s):
Oh, I'm sorry.

3 (1m 2s):
What did you

1 (1m 2s):
Call it? I'm off. I'm off today.

3 (1m 4s):
Did you call the tears the standings? If there's one thing, the tears are not Brew. What are they? Not the stand.

2 (1m 12s):
Thank You. you should know that Bernie.

3 (1m 14s):
Like what?

1 (1m 14s):
I'm a little bit

3 (1m 15s):
Wrong. I know you're a little rattled. And I. Understand Wildes my, but we're gonna start

1 (1m 19s):
With scared for the Bucks. Giannis goes down with a non-contact injury. Now woe is reporting it's a calf strain bro. And his left Achilles is quote fully intact. Oh. Which is like getting a call from someone saying, good news, your house did not totally burn down. Return to the court. Is TBD your reaction?

2 (1m 46s):
Well, well first of all, I think an apology is in order not for

1 (1m 50s):
Me. Well this is not,

2 (1m 52s):
I know it's not about you, but it's just fair. 'cause you said you March 4th when Giannis went down in warmups. Yeah. You said he was riving in pain and that it was something to be concerned about. Yes. And Nick mocked you. No, you did Nick destroyed you.

3 (2m 10s):
I just said that's, it's not writhing. I said it's wincing and you then conceded that you used the wrong word.

1 (2m 17s):
It's wincing, but this is the same cat. Yeah. You non-contact injury. Yeah. You and unfortunately And I think no pleasure out of this. It's like a character in a movie who can see the future. Like I don't wanna look You you, I don't want to be right about this. Yeah. But this is terrifying. It's gonna be at least 14 days out. And even then he's gotta be minutes restriction. I think you've gotta be panic.

2 (2m 42s):
I think the playoffs part well think to start. Yeah, because Dane, Damien Lillard had the same injury last year. Now there's degrees obviously. Yeah. Yeah. But he missed, he was out for seven games about two weeks. And

3 (2m 53s):
Luke, if you remember, had this

2 (2m 55s):
Injury. He had

3 (2m 56s):
The same injury in game 82 2 years ago and just, and missed the first three playoff games. So he had the injury. Oh, so Jalen Brunson. Yeah, right. The Jalen Brunon the year they made the conference finals And. so now Durant had this same injury was out much longer. And then when he came back towards his Achilles, so that's, yeah,

2 (3m 13s):
His obviously was probably a different, right.

3 (3m 15s):
But that's my point is I don't know. We know what grade. So I think anywhere from, and I'll let you finish, but I think anywhere from him being out the next 10 days and him being out the next three plus weeks is on, is on the board. And. Don. Don't think there's any way to know it right now. Well

2 (3m 31s):
The playoffs start April 20th and 21st. Yep. So that's

3 (3m 35s):
Two weeks

2 (3m 35s):
Away, not three weeks away. You're

3 (3m 37s):
Yeah, just on

2 (3m 37s):
This is obviously a problem and, and unfortunately, look, I hate to say this, but Doc has kind of been looking for an excuse. He has a real one now, unfortunately. Oh

3 (3m 47s):
My goodness, I can't believe that. No, unfortunately

2 (3m 49s):
You're right. Like now And, I'm not, well

3 (3m 52s):
Who else has a real, a real parachute also. Oh, I'm just telling you, I don't even need an olive branch. Your star player goes down

2 (4m 1s):
You you. It's in the bylaws. You're a

3 (4m 3s):
Pigs

2 (4m 4s):
Free agent in the bylaw that happened.

3 (4m 6s):
But

2 (4m 6s):
Go ahead. But at, hopefully this is not the case. I mean, thankfully it's not an Achilles tear, but is the best case scenario, or I should say the more realistic scenario that it's similar to last year's playoffs when he had to miss two games in the first round against Miami. Right. And they, they went won in one of those games, but they obviously lost a series four

3 (4m 31s):
To one. Well, and he didn't look like himself when he came back. Right.

2 (4m 34s):
So, so even if he's able to play in the first round, if he's not himself, they could be in trouble. And look, if they get Philly at, especially now, they're the underdog. If they get Miami, they might be the underdog just because No way. No. Well, with Giannis kind of You know what he's gonna look like.

3 (4m 52s):
Well if, if they, they certainly wouldn't be a Vegas hundred dog. Unless if Giannis not Vegas. If

2 (4m 57s):
Giannis were, I'm just saying underdog

3 (4m 59s):
And if Giannis were rolled out for the series, they might be the Vegas.

2 (5m 2s):
Wow. Well if he's, if he's out for the series, they're going down. But if he misses even a couple of games, Miami has a great chance. And then look, and you talked about this Indiana And I get it that the regular season doesn't always, you know, happen in the postseason, but Indiana's beating them four out of five games this season and that's when Milwaukee was playing better basketball. So it's unfortunate, but, alright,

3 (5m 25s):
Let me

2 (5m 26s):
Paint

3 (5m 27s):
One optimistic picture in regards to Giannis. Not in regards to how the Bucks play, anything like that. I watched this player, I'm certain blow every ligament in his knee and play the next game. Yeah, right. I watched it happen. And I know that sounds ridiculous. I'm

2 (5m 45s):
Thought he was,

3 (5m 46s):
When I saw that happen, I'm like, oh no, Giannis is out a year and he was slightly hampered game one of the finals. Yeah. And then the next five games averaged 37 a night and was the most dominant player on both ends. So there is a level of where And I, I understand that LeBron LeBron never really dealt with calf issues, but we saw LeBron in his prime. It's like, oh, he's out a month with an ankle sprain and not miss a playoff game. Right. And. so I say that to say this level of freak athlete, which I actually don't consider Kevin Durant in that regard because Durant's body is not the way Giannis is.

3 (6m 28s):
And it's not the way, you know, the way I don't look at the same way I, I'm not going to say it's off the table that he recovers from this differently than Luca Doni who's not the same athlete than Damien ler that all of it. So that is the, hopefully you're right. Right. And And, I'm not predicting it, I'm just saying it's on the, there's a full menu of options here. That's the optimistic side. The pessimistic side is this is the last stroke in a season from hell. Correct.

2 (6m 57s):
I was about to say

3 (6m 58s):
That. Where you, where You, you fire your coach who you won a championship with first Terry Stotz quits, right? No, but no, I'm you fired Bolt or you fire Bud before the year even gets going. Terry Stotz, who was kind of the experienced voice that you were gonna have along with a rookie head coach. He doesn't make it to game one 'cause of a conflict with Adrian Griffin. You then give Adrian Griffin the David Blatt treatment, which is don't care that you're in line to coach the all-star game. We don't think you're the right coach. You bring in Doc your disaster since then. The weird stuff you've talked about dating back to the Pacers game ball and all of it. Dame sadness.

3 (7m 39s):
And now right before the playoffs start, you the dreaded non-contact Ow what just happened, And. so I don't like it. And, I. Can I add one other thing before we move on? Yeah. And this is just the way my brain works where I always like, I play a lot of what if games with sports. But this is why missed opportunities. You don't always realize in the moment how significant they are. But the 2022 postseason, when the bucks of the defending champs and the Bucks are up three, two on Boston and the Bucks we now know on the western side of that bracket, the Warriors were gonna get through And I to this day I do, I will go to my grave believing the Warriors would not have been able to deal with Giannis in that series ever.

3 (8m 25s):
And Jason Tatum is the game of his life in game six. And Grant Williams and Company hit a million threes in game seven and the title defense is over. And it's like, oh man, well You know what? It's hard to win back to back then the next year Giannis hurts his back and you're out in round one. Then the next year all this weird stuff happens and you make a trade, you fire your coach and it's like, wait, what could have been Gianni's run is, I'm not saying it. See

2 (8m 47s):
I don't view it as a missed opportunity. I blew it as they weren't good enough. I mean Boston beat them like it wasn't. Oh the Bucks get, you know, they didn't play well. They gave it up to the Boston beat em. And we've seen this Milwaukee team struggle in the Postseason and Lose series to Miami that you figured

3 (9m 5s):
And they would play Miami in the next round.

2 (9m 7s):
Right. And. so I just, I I hear

3 (9m 9s):
You. No, I agree with you in this

2 (9m 10s):
One.

3 (9m 11s):
I'm not saying got not as

2 (9m 12s):
Good as as we thought they

3 (9m 13s):
Would've been. Maybe. I'm not saying they got unlucky. You're right. Boston was better. Boston was down three, two, their best player had the game of his life up to that point. That's what sports is about. But in the moment, if we'd have said, Hey, Milwaukee's not even gonna be back in round two for another three years, we just said you'd have said impossible. Right. But now it feels very possible pending his injury stack. Next

1 (9m 35s):
Thing you know, he's playing at Madison Square Garden. Well who knows Meanwhile in la the Warriors,

2 (9m 40s):
The Bay or the Bay

1 (9m 42s):
Shot the lights out and rolled an ad less Laker squad LeBron had 33 3, but it wasn't enough traffic jam in the par in the play in Phoenix, Sacramento, LA and Golden State all within two games of each other. And I tried to figure out the Tiebreakers And I read an article. And I was gonna explain it here. And my brain, short circuited Nick, perhaps you can do a better job. How devastating was this for the Lakers

3 (10m 6s):
Is the biggest game of the year. And now they had they won last night, they would essentially control their own destiny to the seven eight line because of the loss last night. They now have to hope against hope. They don't end up the 10 seat You. know what I mean? 'cause they don't even control their own destiny as far as not being the 10. Right. And here's the thing, this loss though, it the, the ramifications were gonna be super significant, but it should be theoretically easy to understand. Well Anthony Davis wasn't there and the Warriors had literally the best shooting night in the history of the NBA. Yeah. Helps the no team has ever shot 40 or more threes at a better percentage.

3 (10m 50s):
It's never happened Dray on Stephan Clay all hit five threes in a game that hasn't happened since the 73 win season. You should be able to chalk it up to that. But the reason I can't, and the reason I was angry tweeting, which I promised America I was gonna try to do less of. The reason is because despite all of it, the Lakers had a chance in this game. And then Darvin Ham rolled out for the first time. Brew, I knew you were, hold on, this is gonna make me mad. Darvin Ham fault. Well, well let Darvin ham hold on. Wait, I, here's the thing on this. Let me show you the lineup and then let me ask you whose fault it is because let me show you the lineup that he rolled out there. These five guys who had played going into the end of the third quarter last night.

3 (11m 32s):
Lemme check, watch zero minutes together. And you know why? Because that's an absurd, it's, it's, it's, it's Dilo a worst version of Dilo and Din witty, a worse version of D din witty in Gabe Vincent and then Tory and Prince and Jackson Hayes. That that lineup and they let go of the rope and the game's over the game was over in three minutes. And I know, you think I'm too hard on Darvin ham, but here's my question to you. Brew ad's been excellent and healthy. LeBron's been excellent and healthy. You like the roster? I don't, but you do. I like the roster. Okay, so why aren't they better

2 (12m 5s):
Other than the coaches? I don't think LeBron playing as well as his numbers suggest. Okay. He doesn't impact the game. He was great last night. Yeah. He couldn't impact the game. We saw it against Denver. Great. Couldn't impact the game

3 (12m 17s):
Matter. So you do, so you agree with Wildes then that or

2 (12m 20s):
No, I'm not saying he's the problem. I mean Wildes says he's the

3 (12m 22s):
Problem.

2 (12m 23s):
I'm not saying that. I'm saying just saying, saying Delicate saying numbers are giving you the impression. 'cause if you got a guy putting up the, the numbers say he's as good as ever.

3 (12m 31s):
No, I know he is. Not that nobody's saying that. But do you think

2 (12m 34s):
And he doesn't dominate games anymore. Okay. No. Okay. Not, not regularly.

3 (12m 38s):
I get that. Which is why they're not a champion contender. But that's not the problem here. My question is this, the Lakers have is

2 (12m 45s):
Example, I'm just saying with LeBron and you know how much I love LeBron, but I'm tired of every time his team doesn't win a championship or doesn't get close, it's somebody else's

3 (12m 56s):
Fault. But hold

2 (12m 56s):
On a second. It's always the coach's fault or the teammate's fault. But that it's not,

3 (12m 60s):
But Right. So

2 (13m 0s):
I would He's not to blame, but I'm just saying they're not as good as, as people think.

3 (13m 4s):
Hold on. But wait, so this is what, this is the, the, the discrepancy here. I agree with you that LeBron is not able to carry a team obviously to championship contention by himself. Nobody is,

2 (13m 19s):
He ain't even being asked to do it by himself. He's got Anthony Davison.

3 (13m 22s):
Okay, so here's my question. If we will just go as conservative as possible, Anthony Davis is one of the 15 best players in the league. And LeBron's one of the 20 best players in the league. Okay? Be as conservative as possible. Meaning Yes, very conservative. Very conservative. Right? So why e? So if I just say LeBron's the 18th best player in the league, I think he's probably closer to eighth column. 18th. Why is the team not better? If you have,

2 (13m 46s):
It's on the players, man. I'm I mean again, I, and I'm not trying to defend Ham, I'm just saying if it's not Ham, it's Luke Walton, it's Frank Vogel. Who has the championship by the way? Play the game. Alright. Just go out there. I mean we can look at any coach Steve Kerr. Was it his fault? Was he all of a sudden a bad coach when the Warriors were struggling? Some people were throwing out Steve Kerr like, oh he ain't doing a good job. No, it's, I'm just saying but Steve

3 (14m 15s):
Kerr is a resume of good, a good job. What? I guess here's my thing, what evidence do we have? Darvin hams a good, well

2 (14m 20s):
Last year they got to the Western conference finals and above and nobody expected him to. And you thought

3 (14m 25s):
It was, how about that? So you think so?

2 (14m 27s):
I'm not saying he was working magic, but I think he did a fine job.

3 (14m 31s):
Okay. So I, so if the, the, the, the issue I have is if we all think Anthony Davis is playing great, which I think he's playing great, playing excellent And. it is, after playing 98 of a hundred games, it's bet it's unfortunate he gets elbowed in the face and misses the game. LeBron is, I, I had Josh the same thing you did Wildes. 'cause I I'm on all your Wildes dirty tricks. Wildes tried the other day to have, I, we had Josh do the same exp research but for different ends, which was, is there any number we can point to that says actually LeBron's hurting the Lakers and the answer? Well

1 (15m 4s):
The

3 (15m 4s):
Answer is no. And

2 (15m 5s):
Nobody's Is somebody saying he's hurting the Lakers? Well Wildes, are you saying he's hurting the

1 (15m 8s):
Lakers? I'm not saying he's hurting the Lakers, but trying to find the culprit on why this team, which is excellent and has two all stars and two top 20 guys conservatively here, top 13 guys, you know, optimistically is sitting at the 10 and fighting for their lives.

2 (15m 28s):
Right? Here's what I'll say. LeBron is skilled enough, especially with adding a three point shot and smart enough in an NBA where it's darn near impossible to really defend with the Flo so spread. He knows how to get his numbers. He's smart enough to do that. But he's not impacting the game even close to the way he used to. Because part in part because he used to be a terrific defender and now he doesn't do much at all on that end of the floor occasionally here or there. But that's, that's a, I'm saying that it looks like LeBron, like I said, he is not as playing as well as his number suggests that I actually 2 25 point scores and one of 'em is a great defender.

2 (16m 8s):
You think they'd be

3 (16m 9s):
Better? No. So I agree with you that if you can't just pull up LeBron's stats this year and compare him to LeBron's stats in 2012 and be like, oh look, same guy I to, even though he is a better three point shooter now than I totally agree with that. But that, but the drop shouldn't in tho those years of LeBron, the teams are one of the two. We're now talking about them being the 10. Well

2 (16m 32s):
They also were in the weaker Eastern kind.

3 (16m 34s):
Sure. But the number of wins, it's a massive drop. Anthony Davis has been excellent. Yep. And there And I know you think that I'm being too hard on Darvin ham. I know this, that everyone was shocked that Tory and Prince and not Rui was in the starting line of start the year. I know that the people who cover the team, the, the, whether it's the local media or the local bloggers were beside themselves about it. There was even an article written about how Darvin took from his Simon Milwaukee like the blueprint and looks at Torrien as his Chris Middleton. And this team started Torrien Princes for 49 games of 24 and 25. They then finally went to the lineup that took them to the Western conference finals and they're 21 and 10 since then.

3 (17m 16s):
I know that last night you have a lineup in the biggest game of the year, in the second half in a seven point game. Why would you ever say, hey, a lineup that literally has never played together. Let's try it out now. I don't know That's coaching I mean That's fair. That's coaching And. so, but

2 (17m 33s):
It's still a seven point game and Golden State still shot the lights out. Right?

3 (17m 39s):
But they had already done

2 (17m 40s):
So, so we can't say they would've won that game had he not put that line.

3 (17m 43s):
Weren't gonna win that game. No. What I, what I am saying is, is that you had got, despite Draymond had hit five threes in the first half that you had gotten through the real muck mucks the wrong word. The assault. Yeah. You weathered the storm, you'd weathered the storm and you were there in the biggest moment of the season. And. it is just to me objectively true that in that moment is not the time. Do you agree with this? Not the time to try a lineup that's never played

2 (18m 11s):
Together. No, I agree with that. My my point is just that every time they lose it's the coach's fault. But when they're rolling, you've been spouting about how they've been one of the best teams in the league for the last three weeks. Yeah. Alright. What, what was Dar ham terrible then?

3 (18m 24s):
Well, no, I think overall for the season, I think Darvin Ham has caused more harm than good. I think the obsession with Tor and Prince, who I like as a person, but at this point is one of the, by any advanced metric, but playing one of the most Dan

2 (18m 37s):
Minutes had dropped.

3 (18m 38s):
Say it took, it took 50 games. It took, it took most people five like Dorian Prince like in 2018. It wasn't a great idea. And. so I, it's just frustrating. Okay. It's just

2 (18m 49s):
Frustrating. Yeah, it's a devastating loss. Let's

1 (18m 51s):
Move on to the Warriors devastating Warriors. Were on fire from deep as we discussed. 26 threes while shooting a record. 63% from three even Dream on five for five in the first half. Clay continues his resurgence with 27. So Brew, what did the Warriors prove last night?

2 (19m 8s):
You know what? Nick.

3 (19m 9s):
Oh I knew it. They're gonna draw you back in

2 (19m 12s):
A little. I knew it. Like there's Denver and we've said it then there's a group after that, right? A hundred percent right. They're in that group. I'm putting them in that group. I'm so Minnesota The Lakers are still in that group. They're in that group because, and, and this is, I didn't get to say this when we were talking about the Lakers. This is one reason why it's so devastating. If they play the Warriors in the nine 10, it's gonna be in Golden State and one of them

3 (19m 36s):
Most likely,

2 (19m 37s):
Right? And then a one and done. I'm not saying the Lakers wouldn't beat 'em in a series but in a one and done get hot and if they get hot like that again. Alright, so there's that. But I think they're now in that group right below Denver where they got a shot. I'm gonna raise their seal assuming a healthy Denver from the second round to the conference finals. Not saying I'm picking them for that, but I'm raised in there. I think they're silly now. Totally by that it is Denver in the conference finals. And here's the thing, Nick, since January 28th, I, I mentioned it yesterday, but here's the graphic. They have the fourth best record in the league, not just the West 25 and 11. That's a good two and a half month stretch.

2 (20m 18s):
That is a 57 win pace,

3 (20m 20s):
Right?

2 (20m 21s):
To over 82 games. So they are playing and the great thing is, and you've brought it up, that Steph is not like he's been carrying, he's averaging like 23 points over the line. He's great and not shooting well over the last month and a half. I love what the other guy Clay is starting to find. He's found himself, he's kind of back, I won't say back to the old Clay, but he's playing well and the role the young role players are playing well and Trace Jackson, Davis has given him a little size. You guys know that I I I've always wanted 'em to get bigger. But they are the second, believe it or not, the second best rebounding team in the No they are. And

4 (20m 54s):
That's hard.

2 (20m 55s):
And the third best offensive rebounding. So when you shoot it the as well as they do, you're gonna get extra possessions. They're dangerous. I'm not, they're not. Certainly not picking them to win the West. They're

3 (21m 5s):
Dangerous. And I know I'm not allowed to blame Darvin Ham or Rob POA for anything. 'cause Rob Poka won a championship a few years ago with that Trace Jackson Davis pick. That would've been one of those nice things, you know, a guy the Lakers could use in the rotation. But of course I think there're guys in the G league from the Draft picked out Spencer Ken whi the who is terrible. Well

4 (21m 21s):
Spencer Whitty is, you keep I mean. That's the thing. Good Ru Warriors not terrible re's, not terrible. Jackson Hayes Ru they're not terrible.

3 (21m 33s):
Austin Reeves, Rui ura and who's the fir dlo have all played really well. And I like that five man unit. The, you're this that side of the table's love for league minimum. Jackson Hayes who his team gave off on his

4 (21m 45s):
Field. No for what he is, he's an athletic that's fine. Bouncy. That's fine. Guy off the bench. His off not his fault.

3 (21m 51s):
Warriors. That's fine. I didn't say anything about Jackson Hayes. I said something about the guy that Lakers drafted at 17 when they could had this guy who's been in the G League. And I know. That's what I said. Then he brought up Spencer didn't win because you were mad that with the Nets a few years ago

4 (22m 6s):
And when he was actually good some moment he's not as good as he thinks. He's about

3 (22m 11s):
The Warriors.

4 (22m 12s):
Alright, you agree with me? Right Heres on the here. Absolutely not on the

3 (22m 15s):
What You guys can't quit this Warrior's narcotic. That fact of the matter is this You know what they proved last night. The nights they look like the 2016 Warriors. They look awesome. They really good because that team was awesome. Yeah. And they had the best shooting night not as team in league history. But Steph Clayman and Dr. Claymont, Steph Clay and Draymond all hitting five threes has not happened in the game since 2016. This war. The so before this game, my ceiling for the Warriors was bounced in round one after this game. I'm gonna check Yeah. Bounced in round. No I'm not gonna, I Wildes, what do they call me? Mr. Consistent

4 (22m 53s):
I mean? Am

3 (22m 53s):
I going to to, would it make sense to drastically change my opinion on a team based on one game

4 (23m 0s):
They played? It's not one game. No. You didn't know that graphic. I didn't know you showed it yesterday. Yeah, but yesterday you were befuddled by that graphic. I know

3 (23m 8s):
The graphic. Yeah. I go ahead for the

4 (23m 11s):
Cowboys two and a months

3 (23m 12s):
A

1 (23m 12s):
Quarterback to replace Dak. That's

3 (23m 14s):
Next. Not not

1 (23m 16s):
FS one. The FOX Sports show on serious

4 (23m 18s):
Success. I

3 (23m 18s):
Predicted in last week's tears. You were going,

0 (23m 22s):
Hey college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt show. We discussed the best teams, players and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.

1 (23m 41s):
Is Dallas drafting a quarterback? Well it's a strong, maybe according to Adam Schefter who said this yesterday, the Cowboys might be a sleeper team in the quarterback market during the Draft. 'cause at some point in time they might have to draft a quarterback higher than you think. Hmm. Joining us here. Wow.

3 (24m 1s):
Wow. What a day wearing

1 (24m 2s):
Cowboy. A cowboy. That is a cowboy.

3 (24m 5s):
Hi.

5 (24m 5s):
Excited And. I was ready to have

3 (24m 9s):
To see

5 (24m 9s):
You. Good be

1 (24m 10s):
Back. Let's start with who wants to start bogo? Oh the Cowboys guy. But no, yeah, go ahead. Your reaction to this story.

3 (24m 15s):
Alright, so what are we talking about here I think is an important thing to kind of set the template at. We're not talking about the top four quarterbacks. Nobody's, the Cowboys are not trading up into the top top six. Well, we're not talking about right. Well I'm not, we'll I'll get to that part in a moment. Okay. Because the top four are going to be gone in the top at worst 11 picks of the draft and probably the top five because someone's gonna trade up. Yep. So we're not talking about those guys. If we were just talking about someone like Jordan Travis or Joe Milton like a, you know, a fifth or sixth round pick. Sure. Then I don't even think it's a story. No You know what I mean. Like the Cowboys traded a fourth four Trey Lance.

3 (24m 56s):
So I read this as if Bo Nicks, if Michael Pennix falls, maybe not to the Cowboys first round pick, but as you And I, were talking about post mock draft the other day. If one of those guys is available in the second round that the Cowboys could take them. And my response to that is, if you like that quarterback, that's smart business and the Cowboys haven't coached in when it comes to quarterback business operated smartly, they have borrowed extensively from the future. Just, this is a little cash cap thing, just so people understand. The Cowboys last three years have paid Dak $126 million that is accounted for 64 million against their cap.

3 (25m 41s):
So there's a $62 million borrow from future caps. That's why this year he is 55 million and next year he's 40 million to not be on the team. 40 million dead money if he's gone a after this coming season 'cause they've borrowed that money. So they need to, because they have not committed to Dak long term, at least be open to the possibility of resetting the quarterback contract clock like they did with Dak Prescott a mid round pick by the way. And do it that And. so yeah, I don't think that would be bad business. I think that would be smart business.

5 (26m 15s):
I I think Anytime, you draft a quarterback if you think he, he's got the potential to be good. It's good business because even if he doesn't come your starter that that's capital that you can then translate into higher draft picks in future. So I, I get that and I've always supported that. It's a pretty vague tag tweet though, right? I mean at some point higher than you think. The last two quarterbacks I had Dak was what, fourth round? Yeah. Romo was a free agent. They haven't really drafted quarterbacks high. So I don't know why they would suddenly, you know, know, jump up to get a guy unless they had some really strong feeling. But I'd like to see what Trey Lance can do. Trey Lance has had a year of sitting, a year of watching. He was drafted high for a reason. He's got ability.

5 (26m 56s):
So what can he do in the system? Coach has always been the trail Lance guy. Well it's just, it's just hard for you I mean, imagine you're gonna go get a guy in the third or fourth round that you think has more potential than the third overall than what Trey Lance has after a year in your system. So I Is it an interesting tweet? Yeah. Could they draft someone higher than you think? Yeah, but what what's the bar for the, for the Cowboys is the fourth round, third round. Just just to

6 (27m 21s):
Clarify, He said this on NFL live.

4 (27m 24s):
So what, so we were reading a quota quote quote that he gave on TV

5 (27m 27s):
Necessarily. No, I, yeah I saw the quote too, but even when I saw it I'm like, okay well well that's

2 (27m 33s):
Well coach,

5 (27m 33s):
Nice and vague.

2 (27m 34s):
I'm glad you brought up Trey Lance. 'cause that was my first thought even before I thought about Dak Prescott, it was like, Trey Lance must not be good at all. Yeah. I mean real. Like

4 (27m 44s):
I mean

2 (27m 44s):
That feels like this is what you drafted or traded for Trey Lance for the young quarterback in case something happens That's fair with Dak. He's supposed to be a guy. Is he not showing them anything when he is running scout team at all? Like they must just be out on him to consider this. Because here's the problem. And you're right, maybe they draft the quarterback in the sixth or seventh round or seventh or eighth. I think they have some picks, but they only have three picks in the first 150 picks. Alright? They need an offensive lineman or a few offensive linemen. They need a running back to waste that on a quarterback. When you got Dak Prescott there, supposedly Trey Lance I mean, I I I just think it's bad. And look, this has been to me and we, we talked about this a couple weeks ago, And, it was incomplete but this off season coach,

4 (28m 33s):
I'm sorry,

2 (28m 35s):
After saying you gonna be all in how many starters you lost your sin Tyler Bish, you lost your best running back, you lost one of your best pass rushers Endurance Armstrong, you lost your defensive coordinator. You lost your offensive tackle.

4 (28m 48s):
You

2 (28m 49s):
You You you best wide receivers talking about sitting out or holding out. you know, now there's reports that you don't like your best player Michael Parsis and you're not gonna resign your quarterback. And now you're talking about drafting

4 (29m 3s):
Somebody else. But hold on. you know, I didn't mean to do this. He but fellas. Oh no, bring it out. I'm, I'm sorry. That's too much this off season. This off season we haven't even gotten has been and f my but Dallas Cowboys, wow. I couldn't help

2 (29m 24s):
Myself

4 (29m 25s):
But it's just true. I got you. This seems like a really seems And. it just true I mean what is gonna submit It might be fair. Thank you.

5 (29m 34s):
Goodness gracious. What does all in mean to all means to go get one line?

4 (29m 38s):
What does all that,

3 (29m 41s):
That quote is not lined up with their off season. There's no question about that. Do

5 (29m 44s):
You think

3 (29m 45s):
That part I don't disagree with what I, what I do though Wonder is on the quarterback part of it is if they are the Cowboys do seem to like to negotiate through the media. Yes. Right. Another thing and if they are, 'cause I think they are in a playing a bit of chicken with Dak Prescott 'cause I'm sure whether they're saying it or not, one of the things that they think they have as kind of a, a bullet in the chamber so to speak is hey Dak, the last few notable cowboy quarterbacks, what's their post career earnings look like? Sure. You see Troy Aikman making eight figures for not, I'm not to counting Troy's money, I love 'em, they deserve the money. But those are big two of the most high profile NFL jobs, right?

3 (30m 29s):
For him and You you can say, you know this off season, you're gonna entertain, you're go to the highest bidder. But You know what if it's about money, how much money is it worth being the Cowboys quarterback versus being the Tennessee Titans quarterback or whomever. I also would say this And I, don't I mean the, I don't know if you agree with me or not. Coach I

5 (30m 51s):
Mean I assume that D's gonna be a really good announcer. Well

3 (30m 54s):
No I don't. I don't. But even when you're in your career, you're making money off the field. And. so no, that's fair and sleep number. But this is where I wanted to see if you agree with me on, I think that this past season was a worst case scenario from a Dak contract figuring out D's future standpoint, which is you got the best and the worst mixed into one. If you're the Cowboys and you're like, alright, we're gonna have to figure out after the 2023 season we know we're facing a deadline on Dak Prescott in his deal, we're gonna have to figure out what we're doing. Are we gonna move off him or we're gonna extend him what we're gonna do. And in the regular season he has the best one of his career, right? Yep.

3 (31m 34s):
He's a legitimate MVP candidate and it's like, wow, You know what I mean. He, he lost his offensive coordinator did that. He did check book. Exactly right. And in the playoff game he has, I would argue his worst postseason game as a significant favorite. All of it. He

5 (31m 48s):
Wasn't alone in that game. No, I totally

3 (31m 50s):
Agree

5 (31m 51s):
With you. And that first half, there was a 95 yard drive, there was a 75, like there was a lot of people,

3 (31m 56s):
There's a lot of a lot of people to blame.

5 (31m 57s):
Your boy had one half tackle or whatever. Well why is he my guy team?

3 (32m 3s):
I do

5 (32m 4s):
You wanna go out his podcast? Fine.

3 (32m 5s):
It's solo isn't guest. But the point is, it really complicated the situation, right? Like if Dak had just been bad, it's easy. If it had just been a regular year where it's like, hey, we win a playoff game, we get beat by the Niners in round two. It's probably easy. But he was so good in the regular season and then so bad along with his teammates in the playoffs, it muddied the waters entirely on what they're going to do. Right. Moving forward at this

1 (32m 30s):
Position. Can I just, we only have about one more minute left. Yeah, but I'm gonna show you a graphic coach. And I think, I think coach likes this stuff once the franchise quarterback thumbs in has a monster year after Jimmy G one of the winningest quarterbacks of all time. And, and once Jordan Love was drafted, which Aaron Rogers did not like, he had to pour himself a large glass of whiskey. Two fingers. I think He said. So Coach, do you like the idea that if the Cowboys did draft a quarterback, Dak would somehow get to the next level?

5 (33m 1s):
Yeah. I don't know if I'd put Dak on the same graphic as Tom Brady and Rogers, but I see what you're saying. Like I think two guys are draft are pretty special. And I'm not, I'm not killing Dak here, but I don't know if he's quite at their level. And yet you can, you can look at this and say guys typically play better in a contract year and when they're playing for money, which is fine, but I don't think Dak has anything to worry about. We saw what Kirk Cousins just got paid.

1 (33m 26s):
He's gonna get money no matter

5 (33m 27s):
What. He's gonna get paid no matter what. They've had three, 12 and five seasons. He, what is it? 36 touchdown. Like 9 37 I think. 37 10 best completion percentage. Best quarter record. He's got all these great things that he did in the system and for, for him. He's gotta see who the head coach is. He doesn't know McCarthy's on his last year too. Oh. And there's a lot of things that that can look at organizationally. And here's my advice to Dak. Don't worry about the Dallas alumni organization things that you're gonna go sign autographs after you retire. Go get as much money as you can right now and and try to maximize your earning potential.

1 (34m 0s):
I wouldn't hate one of your graphics. He's so kind of that

7 (34m 2s):
I, when

1 (34m 3s):
He doesn't like mine,

5 (34m 5s):
I, I love, I loved the graphic up. I would put 'em in the same, a great

1 (34m 9s):
Episode of Weird, of Wonderful and the Patriots losing our way. Coach was upset about it. This one really,

7 (34m 15s):
I think this this was too much this.

5 (34m 19s):
I liked it

1 (34m 20s):
Serious. Head up to Foxborough where that guy is not there. Bill Belichick. There's a new sign of the Times because there's no sign of the old times. Mark Daniel's writing that. The Belichick mantras of Do Your Job. Work hard, be attentive and put the team first. These are signs that were at Gillette are gone. Coach do you like this?

5 (34m 42s):
No, I, no, not at all. Of all the things that you're gonna change in the building, that's what you're gonna change. You're gonna change the message of Do, Your, Job. Terrible. Don't, don't want anybody to do that. Pay attention. Why would you do that? Work hard. Put the team first. Those are the things that you're gonna change as you become the head coach. And. I. Get it. You wanna put your stamp on the building but you played there. That's what, that's how you grew up. You coach there. That's the only system, you know. But those are the things that you wanna change. And and it's not just a sign, it's talking about, you know, we're not a quarterback away. We're, you know, the teams and team. Everybody needs to be patient 'cause the team's so bad.

5 (35m 23s):
Okay, so so you wanna say those things 'cause you wanna build some, some patience with, with the, with the, the, the fans. But the problem is you're killing the previous administration. You're killing everything that was there. But yet you take all the money that you have and you sign all the Louy players over, were there to extensions. Gee. So what's what's that about? I like the extensions. So, so I I'm just No, I like the extensions too. But if the team's so bad, why are you signing the players that are there? Why are you,

3 (35m 51s):
His girlfriend will let him come play for you. So you guys bring back your own guys.

5 (35m 55s):
It's just like, like I I get it. You you wanna be different. And I know the players are talking about, it's great 'cause he's played and he understands where players are coming from and, and you know he's gonna listen to us and look that's great. I mean Andy Reed played pro football, right?

3 (36m 9s):
That pass kick. Oh

5 (36m 11s):
It was like pro football. Oh that's right. I mean how many super Bowl is that? Between the

3 (36m 17s):
Two of 'em? Yeah.

5 (36m 17s):
Nine. Nine. Super Bowl Wildes won't

3 (36m 19s):
Say 11.

5 (36m 19s):
'cause then coordinating I mean we can go keep going down line. Guys that didn't play that still somehow won multiple Super Bowls there, there was a guy at the Giants that didn't play two, he won a couple super Bowl, you know, but whatever, whatever I

2 (36m 32s):
I mean. Look, I like it a lot. Like what Coach said.

1 (36m 36s):
Well I didn't understand why we're taking down a Do Your Job site. It's like going, it's like if you're the CEO of Nike, you're like, hmm, I gotta put my stamp on it. Just do it, get it down.

2 (36m 45s):
I Don

5 (36m 45s):
Suck around. I don't want that.

1 (36m 47s):
No. Like that's the brand of

3 (36m 49s):
No that's fellow, right? That's

2 (36m 51s):
The brand be

3 (36m 52s):
I agree. It's also,

2 (36m 53s):
I think you're just trying to stand Patriot. Hold on. He's the brand

5 (36m 56s):
Of that

2 (36m 57s):
Works it's success. He's not Bill Belichick. He can't be a Bill Belichick clone. Patricia tried that in Detroit. How'd that work? Joe Judge tried it with the Giants. How'd that work? Like Mayo had And Don don't know if Mayo's the one tearing him down or what, but I, I would assume, I assume not. Well I would assume Robert's walking around going get that He said, we don't want anybody more

3 (37m 20s):
Re talking about we physically

2 (37m 24s):
Not walking around the

3 (37m 27s):
Ladder.

2 (37m 28s):
No. Maybe

5 (37m 29s):
Bill took him with him to walk. Oh,

2 (37m 32s):
I just think Coach is, he has to set his own culture. He can take what's great, what he learned from Belichick obviously, which was a lot. And then put his own personal flavor on it. Bring in his new stuff. He wants to, but he's, I don't think he'd even succeed if people, if the players look at him like, oh he is just trying to be Bill.

3 (37m 51s):
I, so that's where I, so I I don't look at Do, Your, Job as the, what's that Notre Dame sign play like a champion today. Yeah, that's Notre Dame. That's not New Rock Needs or, or that's

1 (38m 3s):
How I feel about

3 (38m 4s):
Do, Your Job. So I don't, I feel like that that is built, I feel like that's, if I can compare, like if we had signs around here that said be consistent, sign Mr. Consistency and then I'm out. Then all of a You know what the new guy be like You know what, even though it is good to be consistent, I don't really walk that rest of the building like that is, I don't, I look at, I don't look at that as a Patriot's motto. That's a Bill Belichick catchphrase. It's not just do it

5 (38m 31s):
Catchphrase. Yeah,

3 (38m 32s):
Catchphrase

5 (38m 34s):
Is work hard A catchphrase.

3 (38m 35s):
No, but Do Your Job is catchphrase.

5 (38m 38s):
Put the team first to catch. Yeah. Hey, throw out that catchphrase. Put the team first. Yeah. All those crazy catchphrases that

3 (38m 47s):
I mean he's gotta put his own stuff stuff. There's again, he's Simpson.

1 (38m 50s):
I gotta see what the new, I gotta see what the new motto is. I didn't know we're getting new mottos.

5 (38m 54s):
Yeah, they're, they're gonna be awesome. Whatever they are, they're gonna be really, really good because he is gonna draw on all the experience that he has outside of New England.

3 (39m 1s):
Well that I agree with. See This's, the thing is, I agree with Coach that I think the Patriots right now are traveling down a dangerous path. I just disagree. Like I think any new person, you move into a house, you wanna repaint it. It's like, hey, I wanna put my own. Yeah, but you're not

1 (39m 14s):
Taking it up from the foundation and moving it. That's why I just, I like Do, Your, Job man a lot. Go, go to Wheaties is CEO of Wheaties. Like You know what I'm gonna do Breakfast. The champions get it out. But again,

3 (39m 26s):
Daddy

1 (39m 26s):
Delicious breakfast. No, we

5 (39m 28s):
Don't want that breakfast. The Champion

1 (39m 31s):
Champion, it works. It's worked for decades. Suns Clippers and what we called a must win yesterday for Nick. Classic one said the Suns had shown that they weren't ready to play against the Pelicans on Sunday. Well last night the Suns weren't ready to play against bruised Clippers who jumped out to a 35 to four lead and then hung on bro for the win. Your reaction

2 (39m 58s):
I mean and remember, no James Harden, no Kawhi Leonard look right, great for the Clippers. They they look great. They won seven of eight four straight. I think they're, they're playing well. Where's

3 (40m 7s):
This close to having a Clippers Warriors Western government's final. He's this close.

1 (40m 11s):
I

2 (40m 12s):
I'm just like the sons. Mm. What in the world is going, this is a game you needed for standings purposes. Yeah. You had your three stars. It was a must win and you don't show up. This to me is just emblematic of their lack of leadership and mental toughness. I'm talking about leadership on the roster and mental toughness. You can't, this is ridiculous. Yeah. You can lose a game in the NBA. We know that happens. We saw the Lakers lose last night. No, I know there was no ad, but I'm just saying. But this, they just didn't show up. 35 to

3 (40m 45s):
Four. Yeah, no And I know. Listen, I know I'm not supposed to, you know, criticize coaches, but who coaches the sons? Oh, it's Frank Fogle. Sorry. Listen. NBA champion.

2 (40m 55s):
I'm sorry I listen.

1 (40m 56s):
I saw LeBron say Frank Fogle needed his respect. I You know what Four points.

3 (41m 2s):
You're not allowed to say You. you many times on this era have implied you think LeBron sometimes publicly tells half truths. So maybe that was one of 'em. No. Alright, listen, if they won, they stay the sixth seed, now they can fall to the nine 10. And this was their last home game of the year. Like they, they, their their their final three are at the Clippers tonight. And then, sorry I jotted this down, but I think it's at Sacramento. And then at, forget who the last one is. They have three straight hard games. I wrote it down now I can't find it, but it doesn't matter. It's three straight road games that they have. Minnesota. So is who they have

2 (41m 41s):
Minnesota, Sacramento and the clips, right?

3 (41m 43s):
They they're at the Clippers tonight then at the Kings, then at the Wolves And. so there it is there. It's unlikely basketball reference has it around 5% that they fall to the 10. But the point is this, it's that could be the last time your fans see you play all year and you come out 35 to four against as Brew pointed out a at the beginning. But it should be reiterated a Clippers team that was resting its guys. Yeah, I don't get it that a Clippers seemed you were an eight point favorite in that game. And. so, and listen, Booker had an off night one for 11 and yeah the,

1 (42m 20s):
He shouldn't have off this

2 (42m 21s):
Many off night. Not that

1 (42m 23s):
Well where he is like, ah, Booker had 55 points. Oh Booker had 14.

2 (42m 28s):
I wanna, you know,

3 (42m 29s):
Dealing with the internet, accusing him of wearing a toupee all day. So, so it great. Maybe that was

1 (42m 33s):
Great. Regardless,

2 (42m 34s):
I'm gonna throw this out 'cause and And I really am a Devin Booker fan. you know, I was pushing to get him in Club Superstar a couple years ago, but it seems like sometimes when the expectations ramp up for him, right? The finals, the conference finals, elimination games. You talking trash with Luca and all that. Yeah. And last night, you know You, you seal it up as a six seat or or something like that and one for 11. He's too good to go one for 11. He didn't even go one for 20. Let's get to the line like I need more than 11

3 (43m 5s):
Shots. Well here's the thing Lori, our great social media ster today, the question of the day was, who's the most disappointing team in the NBA this year? And this was my pick because the Suns had the third best odds to win the title when the year started, the Suns went, went all in to get Durant and then took a, you know, a second mortgage on all in to get Beal. I get it. They thanks Wildes. They are as all in. Yeah. As any team has been in modern NBA history since the poker All Nets You know what I mean of screw the future. This is what we're doing. 'cause HB wanted to do it and for them to be in this spot when they hadn't been ravaged by injury except for Beal, who was a guy who you knew was a massive injury risk.

3 (43m 52s):
Right. There's no excuse for it. And you can lose to the Clippers, even the undermanned Clippers. 'cause Russ and Russ had a triple 15, 15 90. That's fine. But 35 to four is is pathetic. Not

1 (44m 2s):
Great coming up. Next tears. Oh electric show. Oh are they? They should. Yeah of course it didn't. Mel Live from New York. It's the show that doesn't believe in the Phoenix Suns. It's the second hour of first Things First today is Dallas going to Draft a quarterback in Start fresh? Well Nick has a fresh graphic. He updated one of the worst graphics we'd ever seen

2 (44m 25s):
You guys. It was horrible.

1 (44m 27s):
I was so he acted like it was his idea. Like guys, how about run that graphic back, get back in our good braces. Thank goodness you guys, it is like a

3 (44m 35s):
Totally different graphic. Wow.

1 (44m 36s):
Completely different. Denver versus Minnesota first place on the line in a G block edition of Must Win. But right now, let me get you caught up to speed. Last night in an old Kansas city train station filled with too much pollen. How many flowers you gonna put in this place? An elite group of radio hosts Syracuse alumni and cash money millionaires fought and drilled and during the midnight oil to deliver the most definitive ranking and all of basketball's an honor and a privilege. It's time for Nick's Tears

3 (45m 11s):
Wildes.

1 (45m 12s):
Yes. I

3 (45m 12s):
Gotta say especially under the circumstances, you are just delivering an all time performance today. Don't blow it the final half hour, but you are real. This might be your flu game. Wow. Alright. We now have, we know who's in and out of the playin playoff officially we know it. So we have changed the eliminated to just actually eliminated and soon to be eliminated. We don't need any fancy relegated. So let's show that right now off the Tiers, those 10 teams are officially eliminated and the Hawks and Bulls otherwise known as annual in participants soon to be eliminated now to the actual tears flawed and injured.

3 (45m 53s):
It's listen, it's not these teams' fault but they, the Pacers haven't been the same since Tyrese Halliburton got hurt, came back from the injury, hasn't been quite the same guy. The cabs obviously haven't been the same since Donovan Mitchell got hurt. He's now back and the Kings, and again these teams aren't even flawed to begin with, but the injuries, the Kings Kevin Herder and Malik Monk. Yeah you're probably fourth and fifth or fifth and sixth Most important players just being done nice seasons. But you're cooked building block Nick's. Magic pelicans. Lemme explain it. Okay. I think these are great seasons for all three of these teams. A building block year for all three of these teams.

3 (46m 33s):
I don't think any of these teams can make round three per the Knicks were the one team that maybe could have, but now Randall's out for the year, not the Randall's been a great playoff performer. It feels like you can't. But all three of 'em could win the championship next year. Assuming they get Giannis, which hey its the same, it's on the board,

1 (46m 53s):
You'll underplay

3 (46m 54s):
Rhymes. It's on the board. Alright. Bruce is gonna like this or maybe he won't, I'm not sure. Might make me religious. If this heat team goes on a run, I will officially believe in a higher power. Now that higher power might be whatever Pat Riley prays to. I'll have to find out. but there is no reason to believe in this heat team. None. And I have been the biggest proponent of heat culture. I was one last year. Last year. They, they've shown no signs of it up to and including last night when they're in double overtime against the Hu Hawks. Right. So I, I don't wanna write them off entirely, but there's no piece of evidence I can give you.

3 (47m 34s):
I watched their final possession of the Against to the Hawks last night. Tie game 17 seconds, get whatever you want. It was a Tyler hero. One footed heat because they couldn't even get a real shot. Like what are you doing? Yeah. Alright. Crapshoot. No idea what you're getting from these teams. No idea. Now you can get a hot shooter out there living your best life. You also all of a sudden can go home penniless at their best. They can look great. Yeah. And we've seen the Warriors at their best recently. We saw the Clippers when they had the great, what was it, six weeks? Yep. But they also can then just be inexplicably beatable by just about anyone. And because of that can they be consistent in the postseason for two weeks and then three weeks and then four weeks and then six.

3 (48m 20s):
No I don't think you can shouldn't be in this disposition. Too much talent playing it too high of a level. Obviously the common thread is the two coaches here are the last two coaches. Roba Pick to coach NBA teams. But set that aside that these two teams are right now a game apart from each other. Fighting to stay out of the nine 10 part of the play. Even though four of your 15 all NBA team members might be on these two teams. It doesn't make sense, but it's where we're at next. Hard to totally believe but for different reasons. For the Thunder, it is simply the youth.

3 (48m 60s):
Yep. For the Timberwolves, it is partially, I guess my own bias against Go Bear's playoff history. But really what is it going to look like once towns gets back and how are they going to assimilate come the postseason and for the Bucks? It's because the last two months of games have been on television And. so because of that, it's hard to totally believe but they're, they're you know, all fighting for the one. Well Milwaukee's fighting for the two or the three, they're fighting for the 1, 2, 3. They have good resumes, they have great talent, but it's hard to totally buy in. Can the finals start now? And by that I mean this, I think the Sixers would love to be like, You know what, can we play Boston right now?

3 (49m 42s):
Dallas, can we play Denver right now? Like can we just, I don't think either. For Philly Ed seems healthy. Yeah. And fresh for Dallas. They are rolling. Like I don't know that I of these teams are going to be better in six weeks than they are right now. This moment They certainly you don't think would be healthier. And. so these two teams you could make an argument are the scariest in each conference this very moment if you remove all history from it And. so I'm sure they'd like to get it going immediately. Mr. Consistency, the name says it all. Boston, they've earned the title for four months. They have just been a machine.

3 (50m 23s):
They win eight outta 10 games. They have get con contributions from all over Tatum's. Great. Jalen Brown is great adjacent. Chris Ds is playing the best basketball of his career. Drew and Derek White are awesome glue guys. Your guy Joe Ma, has even stopped trying to block opponent shots. Wow. They have been consistent great at home and they clinched the one seed so long ago. It feels like they don't even, they're like Caleb Williams in the draft. Like we don't even talk about it because it's such a foregone conclusion looming over everything. Yeah. The only thing that can stop this team would seem is either Jamal Murray's Knee or Michael Porter Jr's podcast. Have you guys checked that out? My God, what's going on? I don't know what's going on there, but come on man.

3 (51m 5s):
You're in the rotation trying to win your second straight title. But when we're talking about those things, they are the clear cut favorites. That's this week's edition of the NBA. The crumble cookies were bad. I'm not

2 (51m 17s):
Good Expiration not bad. Nick not bad. But I am going to move the Clippers. In fact, I'm going to, the Clippers should eclipse.

3 (51m 25s):
Oh,

2 (51m 26s):
The Suns. Oh, alright. So move the Clippers off door, the Suns switch them. In fact, to be honest, I move actually the Warriors and the Clippers up, we know ahead of the the Suns, but I'm gonna focus on the Clippers. First of all, they own the Suns. They're three and oh against them this year by an average of 16 points a game. Alright? And the two biggest wins, once they blew 'em out by almost 30 points, those two biggest wins came with Durant Bill and Booker on the court. Alright. And I think one of the thing, they get physical, we know they got the wing defenders to get physical with the Durant Physical with the Devin Booker in there. They got sides against Devin Booker.

2 (52m 6s):
So I think that's a big part of it. But they, they also now are starting to play well. They got Westbrook back just happens to coincide with their run. They need his energy. Man, I, I get it. He didn't fit with the Lakers, but he is great with them and his willingness to come off the bench, I think it's huge for their morale. So they've won seven of their last eight and those seven victories have included five over playoff teams including Denver and of course Phoenix and Cleveland. Their depth is great. I I, they got good size. Obviously Ty Lou knows what he's doing. He's a very good coach. Yeah. So I like the Clippers moving up.

2 (52m 46s):
The only question mark is this Kawhi I mean honestly I'm starting to win, right? He's missed five straight games now. Doesn't look like he's playing the night

3 (52m 56s):
He historically forthcoming about his injury status.

2 (52m 57s):
Well and that's, see that's the thing because remember when he had the real serious knee injury, they said it was day to day a couple years ago. So that, that's one thing that concerns me.

3 (53m 6s):
The, alright, so You you a lot of what you said there. I totally agree, but the Kauai thing looms over all of it because what I don't feel like I have any grasp on how significant this is this right now they're just being cautious. We're gonna be the four five no matter what. Who ca, you know, And it be super or is this something that is going to potentially unfortunately rear its ugly head the way it has for posting in the past. Great take on T Lou by the way, I wonder, do you think he ever was interested in coaching the Lakers? I wonder how that would've worked out with Corey. You're

1 (53m 34s):
Really upset

3 (53m 35s):
About I don't the

2 (53m 36s):
Lakers

3 (53m 37s):
Run. Well I mean I don't think the Lakers are run well no I don't. Oh goodness. you

1 (53m 39s):
Know it's driving

3 (53m 40s):
Fall chance to see he's just a humble agent. He's not running a basketball team. Okay,

1 (53m 46s):
Go ahead. I'm nothing if not fair. Everybody knows

3 (53m 49s):
That. And that's, what do they call you Wildes?

1 (53m 50s):
They call me the merit fair. Yeah. Yes. So even though I believe in Denver, I've gotta say the wolves need a little more respect. Ah, we're go, they're going into Denver two in one against the nuggets. Yep. They could be three in one And everybody, when you're talking about the Suns or you're talking about the Warriors or you're talking about the Lakers, one of the arguments is why they're jammed in, you know, 8, 9, 10, what are you gonna do? The west is so tough. Oh my goodness. The gauntlet. If I'm the wolves, I'm like yeah, we know and we're in first place. Can we get some credit? And the larger well done. Largely the answer from the media is no actually. Yeah. But then when Kat went down the media was like, yes, now we're gonna see the wolves.

1 (54m 33s):
Anthony Edwards said, actually no I will carry this team. Since Kat went down record tied for fourth an point differential up defensive rating still good. As Brew will tell you, he is been grinding the all 10. The defensive plus minus for Anthony Edwards is something, what is it for exactly? I don't necessarily buy that. I think he

3 (54m 55s):
Did. Defensive wind share. Defensive

1 (54m 57s):
Wind.

2 (54m 58s):
I think I mean defensive rating and wind share. That's right. It was a double And it double dose.

1 (55m 2s):
It's kind of, it's like a Rudy. Yeah. Adjacent. It's like heed sports. Great. The casual say that sneaker phone, we sold a lot of sneaker phones like

3 (55m 11s):
On when you were looking at that, who was number one in the whole league in both those steps. Well go

2 (55m 15s):
Bear. But but still I mean

1 (55m 17s):
Still. Either way.

2 (55m 19s):
Just watch an nas. Nick likes to say the games are on tv. Yeah, I know an gets out.

3 (55m 25s):
I'm

2 (55m 25s):
Not, I'm not, I'm not move out and You know what Nick, And I think you, I think in the playoffs late. 'cause I like the T Wolves like you, I don't games. I think they could go Nas and Kat late. So you don't, you don't deal with Rudy You. know what I mean. Oh, Anytime being vulnerable in pick

3 (55m 41s):
Anytime be your solution is to put, pick him on Big guy on your team on

2 (55m 45s):
The bench. You know what I mean. Like Nas Reed is playing Greg, I think 19 points,

1 (55m 49s):
The cat's gonna play a game also. That's the ka play.

2 (55m 52s):
Is it three?

1 (55m 53s):
He they say he could've played at least one

2 (55m 54s):
Only got,

1 (55m 55s):
Okay. And they've got the hawks or the

3 (55m 56s):
Sons as we said. So I'm just, so I think that was all a good take. You're feeling on the Tim Wolves, you are feeling not what I should do or whatever is what

1 (56m 4s):
Well look, they can't beat Denver. But as the mayor affair, if they're three in one against Denver, it's a hard argument to make.

3 (56m 14s):
So if the, if the Tim Rolls win tonight, And it or go three and one against Denver and you know, go a long way to securing the one seed to where Denver won't have that devastating home court advantage, you will come in tomorrow and feel, how about the Western Conference finals?

1 (56m 28s):
99% confident.

3 (56m 30s):
Oh

4 (56m 31s):
Oh from 99 from the hundred. The games 99. We keep short for a reason. Okay.

3 (56m 36s):
That you know why I use

1 (56m 37s):
The, I use it. Denver beats the Lakers. I can't say the Lakers will be

3 (56m 40s):
Denver. No, that's, that's why you're the mayor Fare. I know it's hard and that's why you're not Mr. Co consistency.

1 (56m 46s):
What the Oh we updated a horrible

3 (56m 49s):
Graph. No we didn't.

4 (56m 51s):
These guys terrible

3 (56m 51s):
Guys just didn't understand. It

4 (56m 53s):
Went over. Their heads are

3 (56m 54s):
Horrible. So I'll explain it better.

1 (56m 56s):
Earlier this week to us said he was excited to engage in his contract extension. Well not so fast. Nick said maybe there's no Lumie extension. He then debuted what? Brew. And I called one of the worst and to be polite, worst controversial graphics we've ever seen. Okay. And then this morning he's like, oh guys, how about this segment?

3 (57m 15s):
Now you

4 (57m 16s):
Said he was totally as I did You you said on the air you weren't even thinking about it yesterday on the air you said ugly.

3 (57m 23s):
We should do a whole segment on this. Now here's the context coach. 'cause I know you were traveling yesterday. These two were rattling on endlessly as they always do pr. So I didn't have enough time to fully explain what this graphic is. There's not a quarterback rankings this is, think about it like this kind of, no it's not. I will explain it right now before we show it to you. This is about who you should and shouldn't pay. Can you win with these guys if they are paid Top dollar And. I realize since coach is here, if we change the verbiage a little bit, maybe you guys will understand better. It's about four multipliers. Oh

1 (57m 57s):
Alright.

4 (57m 58s):
That I like it already. It's a whole new graphic. Don't hold this what we said. Yes. It's a whole

3 (58m 4s):
New graphic Reintroduces quarterback categories who authorizes this nonsense. Here

4 (58m 8s):
We go. Already looks

3 (58m 9s):
Better. Definite force

4 (58m 10s):
Multipliers. Okay,

3 (58m 11s):
Those five staff, you

4 (58m 12s):
Can

3 (58m 13s):
Pay those I mean I I maybe I'm higher on staffer than most you are, but we saw him paid top dollar and they won a super Bowl in recent memory. S hard. you can pay them top dollar and you can win. Alright look like force multiplier. So this is coach and again I know you guys all dislike the princes, but just stay with the general philosophy of these are guys that I think are on track to it, but we don't know definitively before I debut the next category, let me explain something quickly. If you are a top five pick and have not played, you are a potential force multiplier. The team is drafting you to be a force multiplier. So these are the guys like Jack Wilson, no Jay Land, those guys, right? But those guys have Brew, those guys played and proved they weren't.

3 (58m 55s):
Okay, so now go to potential force

1 (58m 58s):
Multipliers. Okay, this is better.

3 (58m 59s):
I'm now Anthony Richardson for a intents and purposes hasn't played. He played a couple games and then those three guys are going to go top five. They're being drafted to be force multipliers. Okay. Okay. Okay. And now this is the group of guys who I flatly would not pay top dollar. These are solid starters. Coach not force, multipliers, Dak, Jalen, Kyler, Kirk, the my, the current iteration of Aaron Rogers golf to a faker, Gino Purdy. You can win with these guys if they are have a stacked team around them. But once you have to actually pay them, you can't That And.

3 (59m 42s):
so that is where I have Tuit and coach much better before these guys go. That is better I mean. That's why I would gimme time. No,

2 (59m 49s):
It's a whole new graphic because instead of force multipliers he had

3 (59m 52s):
Stars. Stars. Well, okay,

2 (59m 54s):
That's a big difference.

3 (59m 55s):
Okay. But well coach, I, I use coach verbiage 'cause Coach is here outta respect to his return coach. Do you, how do you feel about those categories?

5 (1h 0m 4s):
First of all, I love that you're using force, multiple coach like that in itself. Yeah. Makes this an outstanding segment.

2 (1h 0m 10s):
There we

3 (1h 0m 11s):
Go. My

5 (1h 0m 11s):
God. So, so that part, it's definitely not your worst one. We've seen way worth

2 (1h 0m 16s):
Mom. No, that was yesterday.

5 (1h 0m 17s):
Mahomes Mountain. Yeah. And I'm sorry I missed that one. But, but I do have some issues with with this one, the way it's aligned. Okay. And, and lemme just talk about Anthony Richardson. I know you say he hasn't really played, he hasn't played, he played four games and three of the four games he had 11 or less completion. Okay. So he got, it's, it's not a giant piece but the, you know, all the other ones haven't played at all. I get it. You're it's the potential bet. Yes. But so far the early returns, you weren't ex Exactly. Jumping off the page. Well, Brock's been in the super Bowl. Yeah, yeah. Brock Brock has been to the super Bowl and then Derek Carr's not even on this list. And really Derek Cartas are the same as Justin Herbert's And it.

3 (1h 0m 55s):
Wow,

5 (1h 0m 55s):
Wow. Pretty much across the board that they're both have losing records. They almost have identical statistics. And he's not even on this list at all. So no, 'cause

3 (1h 1m 3s):
He's, because he's not a solid starter

5 (1h 1m 5s):
There. There's, there's that. Okay. And then if you want to add the, the additional part with Kirk Cousins, can we just pull this up here? And I, I really like Matt Stafford, but if you look at Kirk Cousins versus, versus Matthew Stafford cousins is better in every category except, and when you look at Matthew Stafford, he won the super Bowl in his 13th year. Kirk is going into his 13th year. So it took him a long

2 (1h 1m 27s):
Time stack team.

5 (1h 1m 28s):
It took him a long time to win. And he has a losing record. Kirk head to head is better. He's got more pro bowls. He's better in every category. And I like Matthew Stafford. But to put him in that yes top force multiplier category, what happened in all those years in Detroit? In Detroit, he could were usually elite quarterbacks dramatically changed in organization. Okay?

2 (1h 1m 49s):
And he had Calvin Johnson with it for

5 (1h 1m 51s):
Lot of those years. Yeah,

2 (1h 1m 53s):
I agree. Stafford should not be up there now. You changed it You you did change it. It didn well from star to Fortune. The terminology. Terminology, I would say this

3 (1h 2m 1s):
Lot. I just didn't understand. Rock

2 (1h 2m 3s):
Purdy is a potential star. Like yesterday you had potential star, you even had star trajectory. I think he could be on star trajectory, but at the very least, potential Star Force multiplier is a little different. We haven't seen him have to do that. So I, I'm, I'm with you there. But the prince at this point, I, I think the Prince should probably be Nick and I'm trying to be fair here. Potential force multiplier because he hasn't shown us enough to say that he

4 (1h 2m 33s):
Looks like

2 (1h 2m 34s):
He looks like a force multiply he did in at Clemson his last year. There. Let, let's see the, this graphic, because you got one guy that's way down there at the bottom of the graphic and one guy that's sit near the top. But Brock Purdy's been way better

3 (1h 2m 49s):
And, and okay in everything,

2 (1h 2m 50s):
Listen,

3 (1h 2m 51s):
I am going to, I this is, I am very, very confident that my faith in the Prince will be one of my all time category two opinions. And I know that front offices agree with me, the Jags agree with me. Gatorade, the draft process rivals Gatorade, Justin Herbert who saw him take a 27 point lead and shove it. I know all those people agree with me. That's everyone else on this table.

2 (1h 3m 18s):
I, I'm

3 (1h 3m 18s):
Just saying doesn't need to, he

2 (1h 3m 19s):
Should drop to potential.

3 (1h 3m 20s):
Well, the potential is guys who haven't

5 (1h 3m 22s):
Played. And just to add to Bruce what He said about Brock, Purdy Brock Purdy right now has a 7.2 quarter or touchdown percentage. That's third all time in the history of the NFL. But he's

1 (1h 3m 34s):
Saying it's because of the Avengers,

5 (1h 3m 35s):
Right? And you agree with me, but now we're two years into it. His

3 (1h 3m 40s):
Year and a half,

5 (1h 3m 41s):
His win loss percentage is incredible.

2 (1h 3m 43s):
Numbers.

5 (1h 3m 44s):
Numbers have been incredible head

1 (1h 3m 45s):
To head with.

5 (1h 3m 46s):
He showed that. He showed that he can come back, come from behind. I'm starting to turn the corner on

4 (1h 3m 51s):
You. you coach, I watched, I like that you were sitting next to me watching the Super Bowl. At no point did you think he was gonna play great. I I was sitting with you. But he didn't play great. No he did not. He played very well. No, he played well very well. Aside from the fact that just like

5 (1h 4m 8s):
Jimmy G would've been in the super Bowl to

4 (1h 4m 10s):
The game winning touchdown

3 (1h 4m 11s):
Pass available to him and he missed it and we killed Jimmy G for it rightfully. And Purdy gets a pass. you know why he gets a pass?

4 (1h 4m 17s):
Because

3 (1h 4m 17s):
Everybody knows he's a limited player.

1 (1h 4m 20s):
I thought it was solid.

4 (1h 4m 21s):
It was cut. That's it. I thought. Yeah, the graphic, I thought it was good. It's the

2 (1h 4m 25s):
Different, we shouldn't even com. I think we got it compared to yesterday's, bro, it's

4 (1h 4m 29s):
It the same thing thing with different names, totally different graph. It's the exact same

3 (1h 4m 32s):
With different names. And

4 (1h 4m 33s):
John Love

1 (1h 4m 34s):
Scraped. We said it was bad.

4 (1h 4m 36s):
Scrap scraped

1 (1h 4m 37s):
It and you started fresh, which was what

2 (1h 4m 39s):
We worked it with. Teamwork.

1 (1h 4m 42s):
90 hot seconds left. The Bud List tomorrow. Ooh, tons of motivation. But right now, metal's time, Nicks in Chicago. Tory Craig off the backboard to himself or to Andre Drummond, no one quite knows. It ends up just being a turnover. And the Nicks won the game. Not enough for a

3 (1h 4m 60s):
Medal. Bronzes. Medal. Joel Hans Bie really I think would be this two time MVP if he hadn't gotten hurt. 37, 11 and eight. That of course is, you know, rounded down to 32, 9 and six. 'cause it's a distance. Good enough for bronze, silver medal. Anthony Edwards 51, 6 and seven. How is that not a gold? Well it's against the Wizards. So that of course becomes 44, 4 and four. That is, it's the Wizards and then Jalen Brunson. So just got him 45 and eight for the Knicks. Jalen Brunson, there is the podium from a great night. Some other great performances. Luca's 30 point triple double, not even included last night in the association.

3 (1h 5m 40s):
Battle of

1 (1h 5m 41s):
The best in the West Minnesota. In Denver. As I said before, the wolves are leading the season series two to one bru. Who do you have in this must win game?

2 (1h 5m 53s):
Well, it is a must win kind of for both teams. 'cause they obviously want home court advantage. But Denver with their, they need it for Denver. It's a must win. I'm gonna go with the nuggets at home. They obviously want that advantage. In the playoffs last year there were six and three on the road. Obviously not bad in the playoffs, but 10 and one at home. It's a big advantage really

3 (1h 6m 14s):
Denver, because there's

1 (1h 6m 16s):
Supposed to be the best team. Thank you. So they're supposed to win this game. I bet you all plays

3 (1h 6m 19s):
30 plus minutes.

1 (1h 6m 21s):
Speak next. We're here at three tomorrow. Have a great night.

The Joel Klatt Show (1h 6m 23s):
Hey, college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast, the Joel Klatt show. We discussed the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.