The Joel Klatt Show (0s):
Hey, college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt Show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions, then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.

1 (18s):
Banging the table aggressively, somewhat.

2 (21s):
Don't break it, but we know you're stronger than Nick. So

1 (26s):
Live from New York. It's the show that's only an hour today and has Coach Mangini in for Nick. It's first Things First. today an NFL executive agrees with Brew. What are the Cowboys doing? This offseason, professor Brossard. Yep. Gives another grade in about seven minutes. Meanwhile the one quote ugly suggestion that Cam Newton has for Lamar. What does it mean? And will it work? And finally, well, oh my goodness. Dusty, bring out the bulletin board. Gil Burrow says The Bengals are built to beat the Chiefs. Wow. Okay. Alongside, coach Mangini. I'm Kevin Wildes. Brew, are you gonna ride with Cincinnati this year?

2 (1m 7s):
Well, I'm from there.

1 (1m 9s):
Could from several places late

2 (1m 10s):
In the season. If you're looking good, I might hop on that bandwidth. Okay, well where you, we'll see where you right now. Nah, not

1 (1m 16s):
Right now. Okay. We start with a Tom Brady super Bowl prediction. Now this is a very specific prediction, courtesy of deep the Deep Cut podcast with Vic Blends, which Ringless quarterback will get a super Bowl ring. First Brady's answer, this guy Josh Allen. Take a listen

3 (1m 36s):
Next quarterback to win a super Bowl that hasn't won yet.

5 (1m 44s):
I like Josh Allen a lot. I think he's, I'd say I pick Josh. Josh. Yeah. I like Josh a lot as a guy, as a leader. But you know, he is gotta get past the Chiefs and that's hard 'cause Patrick's incredible in the way he leads that team. Yeah.

1 (1m 57s):
Okay. Brew, are you surprised Brady went with Josh?

2 (2m 1s):
Well first of all, I think it's clear, at least to me, he went with Josh because he likes Josh. Are they buddies? I mean, he even said, I like him as a guy. Like a lot of this was, that's my guy. I, I'm hoping he does it. And I will say this, coach if they're that close. And Josh doesn't always listen to Tom, right? That we've seen that on on their interviews. He should be, Josh should be picking his brain about 12 personnel. Right? That was huge for New England with Ron Cowskin, Aaron Hernandez. And they got two talented tight ends in Buffalo. Obviously your receiving core is in flux. At least right now. They should be running that a lot. And, I think you should be picking Brady's brain on that. But I am from a football perspective coach, I'm very surprised because obviously the offseason that the Bills have had, I think this is at least to date, we'll see what they do in the draft and, and other moves.

2 (2m 53s):
But to date, this is I think the worst team they've gone into the season with in the last three or four years. Alright, You, you lost your two best receivers, you lost five of your eight captains defensively, you lost some, you know, critical pieces. I think they'll be good defensively. 'cause McDermott is good on that side of the ball. And last year, despite a lot of injuries, they were good defensively. But still I mean saying that unless you are saying Mahomes is gonna win it this year and then next year maybe Josh can come back. These are, I would put these quarterbacks ahead of Allen as far as winning their first super Bowl. We before him right now, Lamar, Burrow, CJ Stroud, just I mean.

2 (3m 35s):
I'm not saying he's gonna win it this year, but right now I'd put him ahead of Allen because of the team. And then in on the NFC side, just 'cause of the team is great Purdy. Correct. Jordan loved Jared. Goff and May and maybe Jalen Hurtz, I'm just saying ahead of Josh. Allen right now because of the team. So tough one for Dak.

1 (3m 57s):
Yeah. Tough list for Dak.

2 (3m 58s):
Yeah. Tough list. Dak, Dak, Dak. I got another list Dak will be on, but got discipline. But yeah, coach. So football from a football sense, I'm very surprised.

6 (4m 6s):
It, it's funny you said Tom, whether not Tom Lakes Josh, because that's the first thing I looked up. That's Tom Brady golf with Josh. Yes. And, and he does. They're buddies. And that's exactly what this felt like. It's like, okay, I'm gonna go with my buddy. And when you look at it, you know, Josh has to get over the 18 interceptions. That's a problem. They get rid of digs and, and whenever you get rid of a player and you're gonna pay him $3 million more on the cap than you would if you had 'em, obviously that's a problem. So now the chemistry gets better in the building, but you can't replace that talent that, that he brought on Sunday. Then he loses four out of his five receivers. So from a, from a force multiplier perspective, this is the big test form. Whether or not he can elevate the offense, losing his best weapon, losing all that continuity and, and it's, it's a big if and and from a salary cap perspective, this is a cleanup year, their 29th in sa in Salary Cab.

6 (4m 57s):
This is not the year that you would predict them to go win the super Bowl. Now that being said, they're in a division that's gonna give 'em a chance to get to the playoffs because there's so much flux. They've wanted, what, four years in a row. Last year they won five games in a row, won the division, won a playoff game. So there is some resilience in the organization. Stefon Diggs wasn't that big a part of that end of the season run for him. But this did definitely feel like, hey, I'm gonna throw my buddy a a nod here.

1 (5m 25s):
Lemme show you a graphic of, because obviously Brady was talking first person perspective. So the idea that Mahomes is the new Brady in terms of dominating Brady is 12 and two in the playoffs. Mahomes five and three, three Super Bowl appearances for Brady. Four for Patrick Mahomes, his rival Peyton was two for four, didn't go to the super Bowl till year nine. Josh Allen five and five. So do you think Coach Mahomes and Brady kind of alluded to it, is the biggest obstacle in his way? Or is there some other thing that's preventing Josh from getting over over the hump?

6 (5m 58s):
Yeah, Mahomes is the biggest obstacle in the whole NFL's way of, of winning a super Bowl. And, and you know, that's, that's an issue that everybody's gotta figure out and overcome and teams are gonna, they're gonna structure their team to be able to beat them, especially if you're in the a ffc. But the Bills, the Bills have had a lot of problems in the last few years and especially last year there was, there was always some kind of, there was something brewing underneath it that they had to deal with and, and they put, they made that push financially to get over the hump and they didn't. And now you've gotta pay those Bills and it's gonna be a little bit of time I think before they're really competing at the highest level.

2 (6m 36s):
And And I think, you know, I'm big on intangibles at quarterback and Josh has to show that he has those, we know there was, there were issues with his best receiver. So that, is that somewhat on Josh? I put it more on digs but still a little bit, some of it's on the quarterback, right? You gotta be able to control that and work it out a little bit. So yeah. Yeah. A

1 (6m 57s):
A little Josh. I'm Josh. I don't

6 (6m 59s):
Think it little or a lot Don. I don't think it's just Josh. I think that it's the head coach too in the admin, the administrations when you make that decision to,

2 (7m 5s):
But I just mean even being able to control, like again, I

6 (7m 9s):
On Josh You, you would like your quarterback to be able to handle difficult guys in a locker room. Especially if they're as talented as Stefan Digs is and figure out a way to make 'em work so that you can at least get 'em to Sunday. Okay,

1 (7m 21s):
Let's head to Dallas where one NFL executive told Jordan Reed that they didn't totally get how Dallas is building their roster. This offseason, I don't really understand the plan there so far this offseason, but there's a lot weighing on this draft and they seem to be confident about finding a bunch of starters. Now they have had some success in the draft before, obviously with CD Lamb and like the Parsons. But Brew, can you put a grade on the Cowboys offseason?

2 (7m 49s):
Well first of all, I'm glad this executive watches the show 'cause I've been saying this. All right, so grade, you know, I look through everything. I'm thorough with my grades. Let's see, coach, first of all, they tell us they're all in, we're 10 toes down. And they knew we thought that meant all in for a super Bowl. It may have meant all in to just tear this thing down, eventually tired of paying all this money and no results as far as super Bowl wins. Maybe that's what they meant. But after that they lose several key starters. Two of your best offensive linemen. Alright, your defensive coordinator, one of your best defensive pass Russells Endurance Armstrong, your best running back in Tony Pollard.

2 (8m 30s):
All right, so that's an issue. Then You, you your wide receiver CD lamb is talking about holding out. Now there are leaks. These are leaks that You you don't like your best player. Alright, Michael Parsons. And now you're not gonna pay Dak, then there's another leak. Oh, we might just look for another quarterback. Alright, so I just think coach, the way they're handle this, this entire offseason, you got worse on paper, on the roster, whatever chemistry you had, whatever good vibes you had, at least for now, those are in question and you are a worse team than you were when the season ended.

2 (9m 11s):
So I'm fair. It's fair. So when I get, when I get my grade Fair, it's falling. Which is appropriate because it's an F. What else can I give him? Wildes

1 (9m 24s):
I mean a d

2 (9m 25s):
No, they, they have, they have fallen way behind the Eagles. All right does way behind the Eagles got Seon Barkley. I know you think that funk coach, I, I think Eagles funk was just supernatural. I don't know what the heck was going on, but I it'll

1 (9m 39s):
Called fan Joe. Joe was gonna solve all you think he's

2 (9m 41s):
Gonna tell it more Vic Fan Joe,

6 (9m 43s):
Look, I I am not as harsh or greater as you are, but there's not, there's not much I can, I can disagree with you on. Okay? And and when you look at it, it, it's the court, the head coach is going to the final year of his contract. Yeah. So he's gonna play it out. So there's uncertainty there. All the changes that you're gonna have defensively because whenever you bring in a new defensive coordinator, philosophically you're gonna change as much as you may wanna stay, you may wanna say the same, you can't, your two best players now are, are not, are are disenfranchised a little bit. They, they're, they're unsatisfied. So you've got that component of it. You've already got all the, the negative energy from the embarrassing loss to green Bay. You've got the expectations that you built with your fan base where you tell 'em you're going all in.

6 (10m 27s):
Yep. You lose so many key players. I, I don't know as a head coach how you sit, what do you say when you stand up in front of the team in terms of, hey, this is why we're gonna be better this year than we were last year. Now you can get an influx of, of talent from the draft. You hope you can, but you can miss just as easily in the draft right? As, as, as as you can hit. So what do you say if you're standing up in front of those guys in terms of this is why we're gonna win the division and this is why we're gonna win the super Bowl. It's, it's a hard sell and at any point,

2 (10m 59s):
And they've only got three draft picks in the top one 50 or really one 70. Well

1 (11m 4s):
You got 1 74.

2 (11m 6s):
Okay, it's three in the top, 1 74, 4

1 (11m 8s):
In the top 1 75.

2 (11m 10s):
That's not a lot.

6 (11m 11s):
Coach Kevin wants to give him that d

2 (11m 15s):
Probably should put trying be fair and Zimmer the defensive coordinator one year deal I mean, think about that one year deal. So I think all in meant this is it you guys have this year and if not, we may be cleaning house completely.

6 (11m 30s):
And, and And I like Mike Zimmer a lot, And I think he's gonna do a good job. But from a ca from a personality standpoint, he's very, very different than what they were dealing with with Dan. So those players are gonna have to get used to that too. Mike has a little bit more of an edge than, than Dan did. Not that Dan wasn't disciplined, but Mike has an edge

1 (11m 50s):
Random prediction time. You didn't prep for this. At what point, what week in the season will we say, what do you think about Bill Belichick to Dallas if things are going swimmingly? I don't think we ever talk about it.

6 (12m 3s):
Yeah, I, it's hard for me to imagine that things are gonna go swimmingly early on and knowing the way that people treat the Cowboys, we could be talking about it Week four,

1 (12m 14s):
Take three. Wow.

2 (12m 15s):
What do you think? So you sound they're in danger of missing the playoffs.

6 (12m 18s):
Yeah, I I think that the

2 (12m 20s):
N C's gotten better.

6 (12m 21s):
I think it's a combination of when you, when you lose talent like that and then you combine that with transition, then you've got uncertainty yet head coach, quarterback and your two best players both offensively and defensively. That that's a lot of gunpowder that's, that can go off in that locker room at any point. Okay,

1 (12m 40s):
Let's talk about,

2 (12m 40s):
Yeah, I'm week four or five six. Week

1 (12m 43s):
Four, okay. Cam Newton sat down with Shannon and shared some advice for the reigning MVP. One thing that Lamar and the Ravens organization have to figure out is how to Win the ugly games. Stop thinking, you know, as a chef you can prepare this meal in so many different ways, but everyone knows your signature. You've gotta find a way to Win the ugly games. Now we're trying to interpret that what the ugly games are. Here's where the Ravens rank this year overall pretty strong. They got to the playoffs and didn't run the ball enough. But Coach, what's your take on the ugly games aspect and Cam's advice?

6 (13m 21s):
Well, I'm gonna say something that I, I don't think I've said very often as I totally agree with Cam Newton. Hmm. Wow. I I absolutely agree with what he's saying. And I think Cam brings really unique insight for, for Lamar because there are similarities between the way the two players played And I. And what he's saying is, and And I, I find this a lot from, from Baltimore, you know, they, they make the move at offensive coordinator. They didn't want Greg Roman and his offense tended to be a run first build play action off of that. So now they're gonna go make a change and now it's going to, we're gonna focus on, on how well of a passer Lamar is. And, and Lamar has done some good things throwing the ball, but that's not necessarily his greatest strength.

6 (14m 3s):
And he can continue to improve that. But he has a very unique way of playing that's hard to deal with that, that very other, very few other quarterbacks can can ever present those challenges. But there's this, it seems like this need from either Baltimore's perspective or from Lamar's perspective to, to change the narrative and, and to say that he can, he can be this or he is this elite pocket passer, And I. Don't think that's what you should focus on. Just figure out whatever you have to do to win that game. And if it means you run the ball 40 times and if it means that he's running quarterback driven runs to get over the hump, then then do that. It it just, there there's been so many times where it feels like they're trying to prove a point instead of trying to to to do what, what really is what they do best.

6 (14m 49s):
Well

2 (14m 49s):
I I think that certainly was a problem against Kansas City. I mean we may be having a whole different conversation if they just run the ball. What? I disagree. Look, I think Baltimore's culture is about winning ugly. Like they're always good defensively. They, they've generally been a run team. They won their Super Bowls with Joe Flack. Well I know he was hot that postseason Trent Dilfer the other super, like to me they win ugly like Lamar this year was six and oh he, he was six and oh when he didn't throw for 200 yards and in none of those games did he even run 400? So like,

6 (15m 22s):
But but do you ever hear him talking and and embracing that? Do you ever hear him saying like, Hey this is what we do, this is our brand, this is our, we're gonna own it, we're gonna embrace no, it's, hey we gotta move on from Greg Roman because it's

2 (15m 35s):
Too much this, he definitely wanted to go in a different direction

6 (15m 37s):
Issue. Yeah, we gotta throw the ball more, we gotta get better receivers in, we've gotta build up the pe It's always about, about proving people wrong in terms of, of of the narrative related to Lamar. And Lamar is great at what he does and and he's getting better in a lot of areas, but just embrace the things that you do really well and give opponents a lot of it. 'cause they can't handle it.

2 (16m 0s):
I would think this year they're going to like, they had to learn coach from that that a FC title game. 'cause it was just blatantly obvious to everybody that they went away from the run too much. And, I think they gotta find that sweet spot 'cause I like Lamar, you know, throwing it the way he did this year, but when he needs to run, he's gotta, he's gotta lean into that. But,

6 (16m 20s):
But how sick are you that you had to learn that lesson in that, in that scenario and, and you can hope that you're gonna get back to that game but there's no guarantee. And remember absolutely Lamar's come off a couple of seasons where he finished the season injured. So this is a season where he is healthy, they have that opportunity and now we're gonna prove a point. And and all it did is is end up sending you home.

1 (16m 43s):
Brew. Speaking of the playoff game. Does, do you think Lamar needs to reach the super Bowl to silence all doubters?

2 (16m 49s):
He needs to win it. Not just reach it, win it, win it. Yeah, okay. He's won two MVPs. Everybody, there's 10 other guys that have won NB MVPs all quarterbacks except for Jim Brown. But every one of those 10 guys has won at least one super Bowl. So that's the class you put yourself in And. so he has to not just reach a super Bowl win it. Like if he doesn't win a super Bowl, he's gonna finish his career. Yeah, he'll be a hall of famer 'cause of the MVPs and the winning, but we will look at it with disappointment but he never got that one ring that'll help define his career just like it does kind of damn Marinos. Now in fairness, even if he didn't have two MVPs coach, I think he'd still be, you gotta win the super Bowl because he's that good.

2 (17m 34s):
And while you know I'm I'm I made the s bob famous of course

6 (17m 39s):
For teams,

2 (17m 40s):
For franchises, here's the SBO quarterbacks coach. Alright, look, there's, there's two different categories. sbo, quarterback, super Bowl or bust because of their individual greatness. This

1 (17m 52s):
Just this year,

2 (17m 53s):
Well this is going forward, okay, forward. Yeah I guess this year Mahomes, you know, obviously he's about winning Super Bowls. Lamar's gotta win one, Allen's gotta win one, Burrow's gotta win one. The bottom next, under that, these guys are approaching that if they have the seasons this year that they had last year or Herbert typically has, then they will become SBO quarterbacks, okay? Where it's like, okay, Jordan loves so good now he's gotta win the super Bowl and that's what we're gonna judge him by. And the same for RA and Herbert. The other three on the bottom are because of their team's greatness. Not that they're not very good Purdy obviously I like, but with he's in an SBOs situation.

2 (18m 34s):
Yeah. Like no, they been to the super Bowl even with Jimmy Garoppolo. So Purdy's gotta win the super Bowl Dak because he is with America's team, has to win the super Bowl and Herz is kind of floating in between. 'cause maybe he is that great, maybe Purdy too, but hers has to win one because that team is built to win. Now they got a lot of pieces,

6 (18m 53s):
You know, I always love your stuff. I don't dunno if I love

2 (18m 57s):
This. You don't love this.

1 (18m 58s):
He's not the s Bob guy

6 (18m 59s):
Putting C jpro there after,

2 (19m 1s):
Well they, they question marks

6 (19m 3s):
This question marks, what does Jordan Love there after one year? I struggle with that. And then your boy Brock Purdy after

2 (19m 10s):
All the, but he's not in a, a super Bowl or bust situation. No,

6 (19m 14s):
He says, I agree. But all the stats that you quote over and over again, he doesn't even make the second row.

2 (19m 21s):
Well no, the second right. Nick

6 (19m 23s):
So happy with this, with this graphic and this chart right now I can't, I can't believe I know Purdy's there and Stroud and love are up on that one.

2 (19m 33s):
It it's more strength of the team.

1 (19m 35s):
Okay.

2 (19m 35s):
And again, the question marks do I want, don't ignore the question marks

1 (19m 39s):
Coach. If golf is not on golf is not sbo is that good for him or is it problematic for him?

2 (19m 46s):
Is he sbo? Is he sbo?

6 (19m 48s):
I I would think if you were gonna talk about the greatness of a team, Detroit's got a pretty, a pretty talented team right now. Yeah, maybe. And and golf. Golf is really, I

1 (19m 57s):
Think you want to be sbo.

2 (19m 59s):
No You, you wanna definitely

1 (19m 60s):
As Bob, her cousins asked Bob,

6 (20m 2s):
I think we need to workshop this a little bit. Come back,

1 (20m 5s):
Bob just keeps growing

2 (20m 6s):
And growing. God didn't get it. Y'all look, let it marinate. Yeah, next week you guys will be like Eureka.

1 (20m 12s):
The style of that when we put up that style of graphic with some amorphous yeah

6 (20m 16s):
Pyramid shape and there, there are a lot of

1 (20m 19s):
Aspects. Nick did it. You're gonna end up redoing it on

2 (20m 21s):
Monday. Don't treat it like Nick's

1 (20m 22s):
Last graphic. It was the same template

6 (20m 24s):
That is, that is an offseason graphic right there

1 (20m 27s):
Is Burrow eyeing another invite to the Arrowhead Invitational. That's next. I should have called him four. Oh that's one

6 (20m 34s):
That I loved it. I've been,

0 (20m 38s):
Hey college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast the Joel Klatt show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.

1 (20m 57s):
Welcome back to the show coach man genie's in for Nick. Joe Burrow and the Bengal start their offseason program on Monday. Bit of a new look, Joe Mixon gone and t won't be there. He's not thrilled about that franchise tag. Nevertheless, Joe is ready to challenge the champs. Here's what He said about Mahomes and the Chiefs. We both work really hard at what we do. They've got great players, we've got great players. I think we match up pretty well with them. We're kind of Built to beat them. The question in the script coach was, should Nick be worried? But BT Dubs, I'm also a Chiefs fan, my second favorite team. So should all Chiefs fans be worried?

6 (21m 32s):
Yeah, I think this is, wow. I think this is the team that they need to legitimately worry about. And and when you look at Joe Burrow, when he is been healthy, they've been top 10 in almost every offensive category and and really top five in, in a bunch of offensive categories. He's three and one against the Chiefs. So when, when we were in New England and we had it rolling, there were teams that were come that would come in and we knew we had 'em beat as they came in and they kind of bowed down to, to the uniform and the OR and all that stuff. And then there were

1 (22m 1s):
Gimme what to gimme one of those teams.

6 (22m 3s):
I I mean we, we beat up on a lot of teams. We

2 (22m 6s):
Can probably look it up. We,

6 (22m 7s):
We, we beat up on a lot of teams at that point. But, but then there were other teams and And I think even Tom struggled with the Ravens after I left. I I feel like that was a team that he kinda like the, the chief or Cincinnati is for Kansas City. They, they were difficult for New England to deal with and And. so there, there's that component and, and Cincinnati's not intimidated at all by Kansas City. And if anything they feel like they've got a little bit of an edge on Kansas City. So that's, that's impactful. They've got almost all their offensive weapons back. They, they keep or they added gii, they've got 10 draft picks, so they got a chance to get better in the draft. They've got the 10th most salary cap space. So there is flexibility to still do some things here, you know, as, as we move on and guys become available that weren't available.

6 (22m 54s):
So as long as Joe Burrow can stay healthy, bingo, I think he's got a real, they've got a real opportunity. Now the one Addend will say is that division is rough. Woo. So Cincinnati's gotta get out of that division in order to even get to the Chiefs. And, and that's not gonna be easy at all. But you will be battle tested if you're the team that emerges. Look,

2 (23m 15s):
I I get that this is, this is kind of burrows how he is his personality and everybody loves it, but I don't like this. Hmm? I don't like the talking like this. Alright, I get that they're three in one against the Chiefs and have played them well, but they did lose that, that one loss was in the NNC championship game and now it was a CA year and a half ago and they're, they're losing probably gonna lose TI still don't think they have to trade T but you know, they may lose him. Tyler Boyd may be gone. I know they got some picks, but Burrow You, you said it a few times if he's healthy Burrow, this is now a real, this is like a Anthony Davis type thing where I totally agree. Where it's like every quarterback, of course they have to be healthy, but there are a few players where that's really an issue and he is one of them.

2 (24m 4s):
So I'm saying coming off a year where he got, you got hurt in rolling out in practice and you lost, you lost some players or will lose some players. I just think you don't need to be talking about Kansas City like this. When they were talking about Burrow head stadium, it didn't work out well. So I I, again, that's their personality, but I, I just, I don't think this should have been said

6 (24m 29s):
With Joe Burrow. Do you feel like when he says those things, he's saying it because he believes it or he is saying it because he is trying to convince himself that, that that's the case? I think he

2 (24m 38s):
Believes it. I and you can say okay, he's gotta go proof, but I just, you're giving, you're putting fuel to the fire with Kansas City.

6 (24m 46s):
But, but to me that's the difference is yes, he legitimately believes what he's saying. I think he believes it in the Bills Don. But there's a lot of guys that say stuff and put it out in the NFL universe. That's right because they're trying to, they're trying to convince themselves right, that that could happen. Where with him he truly believes it. And then when your quarterback believes that everybody else in the room believes that because they know you can make it happen

1 (25m 7s):
Quickly about Joe's injuries first rookie year. I don't think anyone says that's his fault. Then he plays 16 back to back plays. He played 10 this year, the first four, he wasn't himself. He threw two touchdowns, his calf hurt, couldn't throw the ball down the field. He was one of the worst quarterbacks statistically in the league. And then all of a sudden he shows up with a wrap and then he can't hold the ball. Week 10. Is any of this on him conditioning wise? It's a style of play. We talk so much about Lamar's style of play is an injury risk two is obviously an injury risk. Josh Allen's an injury risk Meanwhile, he's missed a ton of games. And is it just like, nah, it's just bad luck that you get bitten by the injury bug.

6 (25m 50s):
The only one that that really stood out was when he was rolling out and, and pulled the muscle or whatever that calf, that initial one where it's a soft tissue, well it was a soft tissue injury. Those are the ones that you look at and you say, okay, well what what was he doing leading up to that? 'cause that's usually when you get it is early in training camp or early in the season where you get those injuries and it's, it's usually related to some sort of offseason conditioning component to it. But I, I haven't heard anybody talk about him as not being a hard worker or not doing all the things that you know, that the expectation would be.

2 (26m 23s):
Some guys are just injury prone.

6 (26m 25s):
Yeah, there, there's definitely some guys that are, that are injury prone and sometimes you're, you're unlucky and you go through one or two years where you get dinged up. I mean Lamar's a great example. Yeah, two years back to back this year. Fully healthy.

1 (26m 36s):
Okay, let's head down to Miami, former b former Buffalo Bill and new member of the Dolphins Jordan Poer optimistic about taking the Dolphins to the next level. Take a listen.

7 (26m 48s):
A lot of respect and love for the, for the city of Buffalo. But you know, new beginnings out here in south Florida. I'm excited about it. I'm excited about the opportunity to be a football team that they have And. I'm just, you know, here to help to see they can get over the hump.

1 (27m 1s):
Okay, here's the projections of win totals. I don't totally agree with Bills are at 10 and a half, dolphins are at nine and a half. The Jets who are led by a quarterback who hasn't thrown for 300 yards in 23 games at nine and a half. And then the Patriots on the drive for five at four and a half. Now we'll start with you Brew. Is this the year Miami gets over the hump?

2 (27m 25s):
No, no. I mean everybody's talking about the Jets Offseason acquisition. Oh they Tyron Smith, he's not gonna be healthy. These guys can't stay healthy. Mike Williams, Shaq Barrett, Jordan Poer is gonna be 33 and he's had some injury issues. Same thing with Barrett. Like I, I think that's a concern. And the bottom line is this Tua has yet to prove he can play well against good teams. Alright, one in six last year against playoff teams. And, it wasn't just that they lost it was at his production plummeted. And then coach in most cases to get where you want to go in the playoffs, you have to be able to win in cold weather.

2 (28m 8s):
It's not even cold weather, it's brisk. Well it's just a little brisk, alright? 46 degrees and under two is oh and six I mean if you gonna have to beat Buffalo in the playoffs, we know that we gonna have to worry about New England, you know, but Buffalo, Cincinnati, Kansas City, maybe even Baltimore as far as weather, like you have to go through some cold weather teams. So no, they're not getting over the hump.

6 (28m 33s):
Yeah,

2 (28m 34s):
I didn't, they'll be alright.

6 (28m 35s):
I didn't love last year how they, how they faded down the stretch. And you look at the last two games of the season, throws four picks in those two games. He's got the two worst quarterback ratings in in in those two games. And, and the team as a whole losing f Fangio. I, and I'm not saying he's he's a savior, but he's a very good defensive coordinator. And I thought he brought some balance to that team because being a former head coach and being an older coach, I think that's a, a good mix to have in, in the room and his system is solid. So there's that transition that they're gonna go through defensively. They've got salary cap issues, so there's not a lot of room to to improve there. Thankfully they've actually got some draft picks for the first time in a long time, so that's good.

6 (29m 16s):
But there's, it's a, it's a star-studded team. It's, it's a little bit unconventional in the way that, that it's being run and, and you know, there's good things about it, but let's see whether or not it, it can hold up year and year out. And then the injury issue too is a concussion away from being, being out and potentially out long term. So there's that. And now he doesn't have a new contract. So you've got this team full of, of stars that are highly paid, especially the offensive guys and you've got a quarterback that the organization is saying, we don't believe enough in them to where we wanna extend them at this point. That doesn't add a lot of comp. It's, it's not what you want the message you necessarily wanna be sending. Do you

1 (29m 56s):
Believe in organizational momentum where we've seen the Packers, ooh, they won a playoff game. Let's see what they do. The, the Lions finished two years ago, finished hot, got hot in the playoffs this year. We hope they take the next step. The Texans won a playoff game maybe this year they can take the next step. The Dolphins, when Jordan por getting over the hump, the hump is winning one playoff game this century. It was, it was December 30th, 2000. I was still getting carded at bars. I was 24 years old. So do you think they, they've lost 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 games since then.

1 (30m 36s):
Like, do they just need to win one game? But good news, we're building something. They might, we got a game this century. I

6 (30m 41s):
I the organizational momentum can be a real thing. But look at the Giants, they go to the playoffs and then, then they take a step back and, and there's that, there's that component of it too and, and how well you deal with success. How much you learn, how much you change, all, all those things. The great thing for the Dolphins is this division is in such flux I mean New England's got got regime change and, and all the problems that they're going through Buffalo, who knows where they're gonna end up. And, and there's a lot of question marks for a lot of reasons there. And then with the Jets, what is Aaron Rogers? Is Aaron gonna be able to play if he plays, how well is he gonna play? So that's the great thing, different than what we were talking about with, with Baltimore and Cincinnati being in that division.

6 (31m 24s):
This is a great division for Miami to be in and that gives him the best chance to, to get over the hump and, and win the division and, and have a chance to, to be in play a playoff game.

2 (31m 36s):
No, that's

1 (31m 36s):
True. Break cancers or no?

2 (31m 38s):
Yeah, absolutely. They that bring 'em

1 (31m 40s):
Out

2 (31m 40s):
The perfect, that's the perfect analogy. That's what they are. Flashy, flashy, fun to watch,

6 (31m 46s):
But they just break if

2 (31m 47s):
I need, if I need a protection, what

6 (31m 48s):
If whatever you put a cold jet or like a heavy jacket out, would that be okay

8 (31m 53s):
Too? Brisk

1 (31m 56s):
Less than two weeks away from the draft. Caleb, Jayden and Drake, the consensus top three, but hold on, stop the pressors. Coach Mangini has been grinding the all 22 and his top three is a little bit different. Coach, tell us who you like and why.

6 (32m 11s):
So as you look at the quarterbacks, they're a little different evaluating 'em just off tape as opposed to being a head coach where you actually get to spend time with the guys and, and meet with the guys. And there's, there's a whole process that goes into it where you get to know their personality, how well they understand the offense. So there's, there's that element of it. But from, from just watching the tape, really what I'm looking for is I'm looking for the plays that the guys should make. Okay? The get the standard plays, whether it's wide routes, shallow crosses, slants, the route tree plays that You you would expect a, a frontline quarterback to be able to make. Then there's the plays that the guy shouldn't make. So how many decisions does he throw it into double coverage? Does he take chances that that are unnecessary chances?

6 (32m 51s):
Those, those plays that where you look at that could lose the game and you wanna see what kind of decision maker he is there. And then there's the plays that, that the guy makes that others can't make. And and those are, those are the special plays and the more those that show up, the higher the guy goes because you know that he has a chance to win the game on his own. He has a chance to, to, to change the dynamic of the franchise with, with his unique skillset And. so it it, it pains me in a way to give you my first guy. And, and look, I'm not unique in this, but I know that Nick's been putting him on Mahomes Mountain throughout the course of the season. And it, it's very difficult to agree with him wholeheartedly, but, but Caleb is a great example of the guy that can make all the standard throws and he makes a bunch of throws that other people can't.

6 (33m 40s):
Similar to Patrick, Mahomes, those, those off schedule, out of the pocket incredible plays where you're thinking, okay, those are gonna go win games for us. Now where my greatest concern comes with Caleb is, is the plays that he shouldn't make. And, and they're right now in college football, he gets away with a lot of that. But in pro football the windows are smaller, the guys are better. The ex the the level of defenses that you're playing against are a lot more complex. And what you're asked to do is a lot more complex. So I hope that he doesn't just become a make something happen guy where he is making something happen for, for the Bears, but he is also making something happen too frequently for their opponents.

6 (34m 22s):
But from a pure skillset standpoint, he was my number one, my number two was Jayden Daniels and And I didn't know what to expect going into this. And, and, and after putting on the tape, he made a bunch of the plays that, that you should make and, and the plays that you should make. There weren't very many of, I I thought processing and, and decision making was very good. Throws a catchable ball. And then there's a bunch of those plays that are, that are unique. Those Wildes plays that you see from Caleb Williams, you see from him as well. And I don't know what his 40 time is, but, but this, he's fast, right? He's ridiculously fast. So when he escapes from the pocket, the amount of ground that he can cover is impressive and he makes the Wildes plays with his arm and he makes the Wildes plays with his feet.

6 (35m 9s):
Love it as well. Now he's 6 4, 2 10. So he does get blown up sometimes when he gets hit and there's a concern about that. Yeah, but you can't, you can't make a guy grow anymore, but you can put weight on him, you can lift weights, you can get, you can get up to 2 20, 2 25 without losing a a ton of speed. And, and, and he was exciting to watch And I could see why, why people are excited to have him. My third guy is, is different than I think a lot of people. I like Michael Pennix Wow. From Washington. Wow. And And, it was interesting, I read an article recently about how, how much disagreement there was between coaches and scouts on this player where coaches tend to lean into him where scouts tend to like Drake may a a little bit more from a potential standpoint, but I watched him against Michigan and after watching the game he's like, ah, you weren't totally, it wasn't sold on him and, and was a little bit disappointed with what I saw, but Michigan made a lot of quarterbacks look disappointing.

6 (36m 10s):
But then you throw on the Texas tape and it's like he's lighting him up and, and Texas was I think 13th in the, in the nation in in scoring defense. But it's play after play of not just really good decisions and good throws, but some of those throws where you're thinking, I can see this guy winning a lot of games for us. Ooh. Now the the the concern I have is, is he streaky? Is he one of those guys where when he is off he's really off and when he's hot, he's he's red hot and and you don't want that. But if you like this guy and, and you want just watch the Texas game and, and you can easily fall in love with him. Wow. Wow.

2 (36m 48s):
Well I I like your list coach. I agree on the first two and for those reasons and Pennix also the health is a concern.

6 (36m 57s):
Yeah, that's a been a concern, but obviously he got a clear bill of health at the combine. Recheck and the combine.

2 (37m 2s):
But I got number three, it's not Drake May, it's JJ McCarthy because he I think is on time coach, like he's on schedule. And I. Think some people looking at the success of a Brock Purdy, I think they're looking at this guy. Well, you know, Kevin O'Connor, if he gets him in Minnesota, he's from the McVay Shanahan tree and they want guys go out there and do what I'm asking you to do. And I think he's got the athleticism where he can make some plays here and there off schedule, but I, I just think I, I got him third May. Now it's good for a lot of these guys to sit for a year, but there's a lot of talk about may needs to sit a year.

2 (37m 43s):
We know he is got the strong arm. Some of the mechanics, you know, you may question and we've seen a lot of guys with strong arms but lacking in other areas and they don't pan out to be great quarterbacks.

6 (37m 56s):
And, and when you bring up Brock Purdy, that's a good comparison. But remember what, what you paid for 'em and, and for me, like a franchise, quarterback's like going to good restaurant when I leave, I wanna be able to tell my friends about some of the courses I had. I wanna be excited about having those courses again because you've paid a lot of money for it. So if you're gonna take a player like that, that high and you're gonna pay that price, you want to be able to get some things You you want to be excited about the things that he can create and not just take a step back and say, well he can deliver the ball on time. And I like Jim Harbaugh a lot and respect him. But in watching the national championship game, I felt like they won maybe a little bit in spite of 'em as opposed to

2 (38m 37s):
Well because of them they didn't, they didn't throw it a lot. Where do you have McCarthy ranked then? I I,

6 (38m 41s):
You know, you know that group is kind of get and with Drake may it felt a little bit like Sam Darn. Okay, so Sam darn his last year Canon right had 29 sacks. Yikes. Drake May has 29 sacks. Donald had like 26 touchdowns and 13 picks. And I think Drake May has like 24 touchdown and nine picks. So there's some similarities there where I, I just, you know, you watch it and, and that's, that's the feeling I had coming away from me Quickly. We

1 (39m 9s):
Have 15 seconds. Pennix will be 24 in May. Is that a plus or a negative for you?

6 (39m 16s):
I would, you'd always want your quarterbacks a little bit younger, but his journey was different because of the injuries and you know, it's not that like, I forget who it was that the Browns drafted, he was 28 years old. It's not that situation. Yeah, yeah, we And. so at 20, yeah Whedon. So at 24, I don't think that's, I don't think that maturity in coming into a locker room that's gonna be filled with men is the worst thing in the world. Okay, I

1 (39m 39s):
Like that. Coming up next we're talking about the Lakers and why Brew wants them to face the Warriors and a very small Allen Iverson statue. Welcome back to the show Warriors Down the Blazers last night Steph led the dogs with 22 in a low scoring affair. Clay and Draymond arrested. Let's take a look at the log jam in the West Plan standings here. Pelicans trying to escape, suns also trying to escape. Kings, Warriors, Lakers pretty much locked in, in fact not pretty much definitely locked in. So Brew, who should the Lakers be looking to play Golden State or Sacramento?

2 (40m 19s):
Well this is a great question because just let's keep it real. The Lakers haven't had success against either this year. They're one in three against the Warriors and they've lost eight of their last nine against Sacramento. So you might just look at that and say, oh they, they should want the Warriors and You know what that is my answer, no. Now I look a one and done is dangerous and we just saw it the other night, especially against the Warriors who can get as hot as anybody and in a one game situation they could take you out. Now I would definitely pick the Lakers in seven games but in one and done it is dangerous. But I think Sacramento their speed, particularly with Dre FOX now Malik Monk's out so that would help the Lakers.

2 (41m 5s):
But Dere FOX speed kills LA and that opens things up for Saboni inside Saboni is nine and oh against Anthony Davis, And, I think the Lakers size with AD and even LeBron and not to mention Mura, that's a problem for the Warrior. So I just think Anthony Davis and LeBron with their size, their ability to score inside and dominate in the paint, I think that would be too much for the the Warrior. So if I'm the Lakers, I know it sounds crazy to say I want Steph go into, but I want Steph, if I'm LA

1 (41m 39s):
Go into Golden State, Steph's gonna be like, oh it's Steph magic time and Clay's been playing great.

2 (41m 44s):
So you won Sac?

1 (41m 46s):
I think so. I don't want to play, you know, a championship team in a one and done. Its don't like it. Alright, moving on to the smallest story that we saved for last, a bit of a semantics issue in Camden, New Jersey. Media reporting today was a statue unveiling for Iverson when it was actually a sculpture unveiling Alongside, several other small statue. I had it Alongside, other small statued statues. Darn

2 (42m 18s):
It. And. it is tough to say.

1 (42m 19s):
Well I tried not,

2 (42m 20s):
I think Iverson has even been laughing. Like

1 (42m 21s):
What? Iverson loved it. He's, he was very emotional about it. Bruce. So they're all kind of smallish statues. Do you think the Sixers should give Iverson a full on statue?

2 (42m 33s):
It's tiny. It it definitely is. Ti I mean, you see, Iverson is taller than the statue. I, I wanna see it. It's on Legends walk, right? I want to see it next to some of the other statues. It's

1 (42m 44s):
Going to be smaller.

2 (42m 45s):
Yeah. I mean, I get it. He's kind of bending down. But yeah, to answer your question, they should have a statue of Iverson outside of the arena. This is at the practice facility. Yeah. I believe outside of the arena, I mean, come on, Allen. Iverson is one of the, not only he's a legendary player in the NBA period, but certainly one of the legendary Sixers. Yeah. Will Dr. J Iverson.

1 (43m 11s):
Moses.

2 (43m 11s):
Moses and Moses wasn't there as long as Iverson obviously, but Moses, you wanna throw Barkley in there Eventually it'll be Embi. But yeah, Iverson definitely deserves Dusty a bigger set. I don't wanna down, I don't wanna belittle this one. It's, it's cute,

1 (43m 26s):
I get it.

2 (43m 27s):
No I wasn't, no, it's nice.

1 (43m 28s):
That was a, it was more of just how it was advertised to us. It was expectations over reality where everybody said it was gonna be an Iverson statue. Nick nurse was calling it Iverson statue. And then we've got this large starting lineup figurine outside, but they're all kind of small,

2 (43m 43s):
Like

1 (43m 43s):
A big, but we just, I think if anything, there's some momentum to get a larger

2 (43m 48s):
Yeah, he definitely

1 (43m 49s):
Statue. Absolutely. Are we, are we going, do we think that is the Jordan crossover?

2 (43m 54s):
Ah,

1 (43m 55s):
I Don know if it is.

2 (43m 57s):
I bet you it is.

1 (43m 57s):
I would either take Jordan crossover as the model for,

2 (43m 60s):
Because statue, I believe he was with it was with the left. He went back to the,

1 (44m 3s):
I think remember I would also take the TLU step over I'm, I'm not sure when the would clipper came to town would to be a little bit rough.

2 (44m 8s):
That would've

1 (44m 9s):
Been nice. But overall the TLU step over would be excellent. So that's it for us. We'll be back on Monday. Right now you've got the NASCAR craftsmen, truckers qualifying live from Fort Worth. And then we're back on Monday and we're gonna be counting down to the NFL draft. Okay, wait, Nick will be back.

0 (44m 26s):
Hey, college football fans, Joel Klatt here and over on my podcast, the Joel Klatt show. We discuss the best teams, players, and storylines in all of college football. Any questions then send them in to the Joel Klatt show mailbag and I'll answer 'em. Tap the banner to follow the Joel Klatt Show on Spotify.