0 (0s):
With threats to our nation, waiting around every corner. Adaptability is more important than ever. When conditions change without notice, quick strategic thinking is crucial. And with obstacles, consistently impending determination is essential in overcoming them. It's this willingness, decisiveness, and resilience that sets Marines apart with our fighting spirit. We don't just fight battles, we win them. Marines are the constant our nation counts on to fight the unknown. And through adaptable problem solving, we do just that. Learn more@marines.com.

1 (31s):
Which leads me to

2 (32s):
This

1 (34s):
Live from New York. It's the show with nonverbal cues. A lot of them, a lot of them, a lot of em have to do with brew, blowing through the

2 (41s):
Commercials, prove claims his earpiece doesn't work every day so he can ignore the

3 (46s):
Producers. I hear nothing

2 (47s):
First makes worse every day

1 (49s):
Today. Will Bill Belichick be the next coach of the Dallas Cowboys? One person here thinks it will work. Meanwhile, LeBron versus Joker, Mike Malone stating facts. Is there another sweep on the board? And finally,

2 (1m 5s):
And a big show be related to that example.

1 (1m 8s):
We have a big bat.

2 (1m 8s):
Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna get you,

1 (1m 11s):
I'm excited about that. Another edition of the most motivational segment in all sports. It's The, Bud List with just a video of Nick Sirianni.

2 (1m 20s):
I guess he's

3 (1m 20s):
On it. There's a lot of people to consider

1 (1m 22s):
This week. Is he on it?

3 (1m 23s):
Maybe. We'll

2 (1m 24s):
See. Well, I hope so. Or else it doesn't make a lot of sense. Well, he,

3 (1m 27s):
He was in consideration Hope,

1 (1m 28s):
Just Nick. Wright, Kevin Wilds, Chris, Brossard Star. We're gonna start with Philly. Stay in Philly. Moving on. Despite being booed after falling behind by 14 and turning the ball over a dozen times. The Sixers got it together and rallied after a free food giveaway advance of the seven seed. Here's Embi. Postgame.

4 (1m 47s):
It means a lot. Band down a lot, bus Boy. But, you know, we stuck together. It just shows me that I, I don't play my best. I don't get to my spots, you know, the whole game until the fourth quarter. And we still found a way to win. you know, that the light to make, we can do too. And we made it nasty too.

1 (2m 12s):
Okay, brew. Are you more or less confident in Philly after last night?

3 (2m 15s):
Let me start with the positives. Philly showed me a lot of heart last night. Like I went into this game thinking, okay, Miami's the mentally tougher team and Philly's the more talented team. So let's see which prevails. Yeah. All right. And, I gotta give Philly credit, you know, coming down from a 14 point or back from a 14 point deficit in the second quarter, thir 13 point deficit in the third quarter. I thought they, that was impressive. And I. Think look with Nick nurse, I think they're better coached than they have been in several years. Really? That MBS ever had. And, I think they have more offensive depth, like we saw Nick platoon. I'm not expecting him to do that, maybe ever again in the playoffs.

3 (2m 56s):
No, but still he, he stepped up last night. But if it's not, you got the two stars, obviously with Maxine Embi, Tobias Oubre can have a big nightmare there. Wild high. Yeah. So I, I like And Kyle Lowry's there. Yeah. Yeah. So I like what I saw last night, except Joel Embi was laboring through four quarters. Wow. I mean he clearly, what, what was he? 70%? Maybe I, I don't know, but I, I have no faith. He's not gonna get healthier during these playoffs. Like playing, you know, seven games, the next seven games at playoff level intensity against a physical team like the n It's not gonna make him he or any better.

3 (3m 38s):
So Nick, so I've got less faith. Ooh. Oh, because of what I saw with him being

2 (3m 42s):
So I disagree. Be, I feel like you have to have more confidence because they avoid Boston. Because if they, because now they, because I you your point, he's not gonna get healthier. I generally agree with, I said yesterday, like if, if you suffered an MCL injury, a doctor wouldn't be like in six weeks from now, play high intensity basketball to make sure it gets better. But after I said that some people did respond, that seemed no. Like that is correct, but it is also correct, just the passage of time from the injury, you do get slightly healthier as long as you don't reinjure it. So I generally agree with you, but I do also understand the further away you get from it, which is why it's critical they don't get Boston in round one.

2 (4m 25s):
And they were one point away from getting Boston in round one. I also think your point about Nick nurse is a good one. The best coach he's ever had. And I think a great coach by not historically he's good coach,

3 (4m 38s):
But amongst,

2 (4m 38s):
He's a really good coach amongst today's NBA head coaches. I think he's the top five coach. And. I. I'm biased here because he is a friend of mine, but I also think I'm honest, I think Darrell Morris's done a great job filling out the roster and getting tertiary and You know what I mean, whatever the fourth level of tertiary is, pieces like a Nick platoon who on a night can fill it up. He getting Kyle Lowry for next to nothing and him becoming a key player. I, I like their supplemental pieces and maybe I, I th 32 and eight has to mean something. And I. I don't think 30, 32 and eight is a 65 win base, right?

2 (5m 18s):
I don't think that is what they are. But even sent beads come back, they just keep winning when he plays. Yeah, he hasn't it, he hasn't looked great. And you're wi yesterday he, he collapsed on a free throw. Like I think it was, I didn't understand that. I think he was doing like a knee bend, like go in, but then because the knee's not strong enough. I thought he was joking. No, he like really collapsed. No, I, what I thought he was doing, if you guys, I should had hubs pull the video. Sometimes when he shoots free throws, he does like that little, like almost trying to put English on it afterwards. And I think while he was doing that he lost his balance a bit. So that's why he went down. But they do

3 (5m 51s):
Keep winning. You're ignoring the elephant in the room. I mean you're right. 32. If he were healthy, I would think they've got a really good chance to get outta the east to go to the finals. Now v virtually no chance to get outta the east.

1 (6m 4s):
Okay, here's his stats. Since he's come back. I mean is, remember LaVar Ball

2 (6m 8s):
Never lost? Yeah,

1 (6m 9s):
He hasn't lost since he's come back. He's six and oh, he's only played

2 (6m 12s):
30

1 (6m 13s):
Minutes. And I know last night it wasn't good. It was the second worst of the season, but

3 (6m 17s):
Six for 17,

2 (6m 18s):
Just a little bit rusty.

3 (6m 19s):
Right? Worst He was nice. Yeah. I

1 (6m 21s):
Mean a bad game. And he had 23 and 15 in a win against a pesky heat team, but

2 (6m 27s):
And against the best defensive center in the conference. Yeah,

3 (6m 30s):
They may look, I don't want to take anything away from him. They showed heart and courage. Do they win if Butler's not hurt? Well, And, I, I would honestly say I don't think they beat Miami in a series. If Butler was there, they would've won that game. It'd be a tough six, seven games. Okay,

1 (6m 46s):
But I said that about Zion. I got lamb based.

2 (6m 49s):
No, I, the, I think I, I think that's fair. And I agree with you that Ed, ed at this level of health, they are, you know, the clock is ticking on their season, but you now do have more time. You, he now you have more time before the first round. You have a team that we're gonna get to that is not a juggernaut the way Boston was, I think for all Things Considered last night went well

1 (7m 12s):
For Philly. Alright, Sixers next game in Madison Square Garden Saturday night. The Knicks favorite in this one won the season series three one. But the teams are one in one winning Indeed. Play. So Nick, who you got here

2 (7m 25s):
With great trepidation.

1 (7m 28s):
I take Philly. Okay,

2 (7m 31s):
I New York is an awesome story and more than an awesome story. They're a really good team and Jalen Brunson is a su like Club Superstar gets unveiled midway through these playoffs. I didn't even know that Jalen whoa. It does every year. I mean you don't have it. Come on buddy. Don a circle. Wow,

1 (7m 50s):
I didn't know when it was.

2 (7m 51s):
Jalen. Jalen Brunson has the team, every player in the league that was outside Club Superstar before this year, no one made a stronger case. Yeah. That they should replace someone in Club Superstar Jaws out again. That doesn't guarantee J's out that well. Ja got you have

3 (8m 9s):
A morals clause or something. Ja. Yeah.

2 (8m 11s):
Pat Downs thing. It's all thing hard for him. Ja was in No, but Ja was already out. But so we can do Club Superstar later as we always do in the, you know, around the middle of May. But Jalen has made a strong case. The Knicks record when OG plays and Jalen plays is gaudy Here is my concern. And this is I guess damning with faint praise. Tibs get so much out of his guys all year long that I don't remember a T's team that had a playoff gear. I remember a lot of tips teams that got to play off level intensity by like game six and be his brilliance is keeping 'em there.

2 (8m 53s):
Right? And then teams that they looked better than during the regular season who were kind of coasting, they'd see 'em in the playoffs, they get to a playoff gear and they beat 'em. That plus the Knicks injuries plus the fact that I don't think the Knicks have a great answer for Mbbi with respect to Hartenstein and respect to their frontline. Nobody has a great answer to Mbbi all. Take Philly in a hard fault long series.

3 (9m 17s):
I'm gonna say something I haven't said since Sprewell and Houston we're in no Ohio. Oh here we go. Hallways of Madison Square Garden. Gimme the Knicks. I got the Knicks in seven. Seven. Wow. Seven.

2 (9m 32s):
That'll be great if we gotta go to that game seven if that happens. Yes. But go ahead, let's go. Go ahead.

3 (9m 38s):
And it's be, look, if MB were healthy, I'd be going with Phil. There's no doubt. But I just think he looked, he just didn't look good. It is not, and you're right. At times he played well And I think he's gonna get his 20 something points, but he's, I don't think he's going to be the dominant Joel MB that we saw in the beginning of the year. I also think with Isaiah Harden and Mitchell Robinson, they two seven footers who are athletic, you know they can get out on the perimeter something, they're not gonna stop him, but they can make it

2 (10m 11s):
Tough. They can test him out and you got 12 fouls for him. The

3 (10m 14s):
Whole Yeah. They could test him and all of that. Jake, look what they, you mentioned Tibs team. And I. I totally agree with you on that. This is, what is this? This is the Chicago Bulls with Derrick Rose 10 coach by Yes, that's exactly what they're you right. Also Villanova, they couldn't beat the heat. Yeah. With LeBron and D Wade and Bosch, but they still won their share of game. And I'm not saying the Knicks are that good, that team won 60 something games, but still that's the formula. No, that's right. And and you mentioned it with O Jnu Noby, they're 20 and three now. They played, I, I don't make too much outta the regular season matchups, but they did go three and one against Philly obviously. MB only played one of those games.

3 (10m 54s):
Yeah. But when he played they were, Philly was at their height. They had won 11 of their last 16 MB was playing like the best player in the world

2 (11m 3s):
And they got blast

3 (11m 4s):
And they beat him by 36 got last the knee beat him by 36. Yeah. So I just think that because of mbi, I think that the Knicks are going And, I don't mind missing. Julius Randall. Julius Randall's not been a playoff performer. He, he is been a detriment in the playoffs here. Regular season. He's a 47% shooter. Oh he's

2 (11m 22s):
Playoffs

3 (11m 22s):
34%. Alright. So that, that's a

2 (11m 26s):
Huge, I was I at the Knicks game that I don't remember if it's was the Caesar, it was the final Knicks home game last year that they lost. I was there, I can't remember if it ended the series or in round two or if it was they lost on the road. I just, the reason I vividly remember it is you're walking out of MSG and people in Nick's jerseys are cursing ju like they was he, it was for the second straight year. He was from an efficiency basis, arguably the worst player in the playoffs. You know what I mean? And. so certainly on the eastern side of the bracket. Let me throw one other thing at you. I do wonder can Tyrese Maxey in this series give you 70% of Jalen Brunson's production?

2 (12m 9s):
Because if he 70% Yeah, absolutely. Then I think the Sixers win because I think if he can

3 (12m 15s):
I mean that would only be he's gonna get 20 a game.

2 (12m 18s):
There you, there you go. If Jailing gets 30 and Maxi gets 20, the Sixers win. Because there isn't then there isn't someone on the Knicks. Yeah. To give you And I understand that's too simplistic. But just very basic level. There's no one on the Knicks to give you 70% of what I think Indeed's gonna do. Even a hampered indeed You know what I mean. Either And. so because of that

3 (12m 36s):
I mean he may end up missing a, I don't wanna see it, but he may miss a game. Like it's just, he played five regular season games and now he, you know, since he got back and he's already back

2 (12m 46s):
Up. I wonder how much of that was maintenance,

3 (12m 50s):
But I'm ju But he did have the legitimate injury came

2 (12m 52s):
Back. Yes. He he got hurt and

3 (12m 53s):
Came back and, and the Knicks are physical. No, last year they were too physical for Cleveland. So there's gonna be a physical series for Philadelphia and No, we'll see how Nmb gets through it.

1 (13m 3s):
If you're right bro and beats out in the first round. Is there a legacy talk for Embiid? Is there changes happening to Philadelphia? Is he gonna get frustrated or is just like, eh, another year another weird injury?

3 (13m 17s):
No, that's the, it's not his ability, it's his availability. I mean that it is just every another, I think the, now maybe I'm wrong, maybe there's a mental block, I don't know. But I think his dip in production in the playoffs is completely due to his not being at a hundred percent. I agree. And if there was a year you were going to be at a hundred percent it would be now you are off for two months. He was happy. I get it. It was rehab. But still he's already banged up and back to Guy

2 (13m 43s):
Ask, ask you

1 (13m 44s):
Labor,

2 (13m 45s):
Is there, is there a legacy on Grant Hill?

1 (13m 49s):
No. I mean that's a legacy is actually like wow.

2 (13m 52s):
Like I was like yeah, like what? I don't think people look at him negatively. I don't think people look at as the player Ralph Sampson negatively. Maybe they say he should have changed his his game.

3 (13m 60s):
Well he, he he really got like career.

2 (14m 2s):
No, I understand. But the but the guys who we went at their best. So those maybe aren't the perfect examples of what I'm making. Guys who went at their best, like that guy is amazing. Who then consistently dealt with injuries. I feel like get put over to the side when it comes to over, they can't win conversations. It's like their body betrayed conversation.

3 (14m 22s):
It's just gonna hinder his legacy in that I mean. This guy, if he were healthy, he'd be one of the absolute all time great sinners. Earl

1 (14m 30s):
Not vacation early Bud List. Maybe after he won the MVP you put him on The. Bud. List, I think And. it was like, hey it's you. We have to see some hardware now. Yeah, now that you have the MVP and otherwise we're like, I still think now we're like, ah, first round exit maybe no

2 (14m 44s):
Big deal. Well there's only,

3 (14m 45s):
No I still, he might be on the but list today.

2 (14m 47s):
Okay there's only Steve N I'm gonna do this off the top of my head. It's dangerous. Steve Nash and Derek Rose are the only MVPs ever to not make a finals Joe except for Joelle and Bead who has not made a conference. Right. Finals. So like that part, you don't wanna be on those lists.

3 (15m 4s):
Is he the only one never to make

2 (15m 5s):
A conference? He only, the only one, the only there was, 'cause going into last year, the only MVPs to never make a finals were Embi Yoki Nash and Rose Rose were like okay, you know, injuries Nash were like, you know, he got close a couple times, got a little unlucky also kind of weird MVPs, Yoki then won the title and Ed's now sitting there still with a round two ceiling. So yeah, that part's fair. But we also see that he's hurt all the time.

3 (15m 29s):
Okay. But, but, and that's a part of the legacy. You're hurt all the time. Alright,

1 (15m 32s):
Play off Jimmy probably done left Philadelphia limping now his agent is saying he's headed to the doctor today and he disputed this MCL report. Next game is Friday. Yeah. And the winner of Bulls heat will head to Boston for round one. What does this mean for the Celtics

3 (15m 49s):
Now? Well, let me say, so the agent, Jimmy Butler's agent saying there's a chance,

1 (15m 54s):
Well this morning he just didn't like the reporting.

3 (15m 56s):
I'm just saying he

1 (15m 57s):
Didn't like the diagnosis from afar before he went to the doctor. Was my read on it.

3 (16m 1s):
He just played three quarters of basketball if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. On, on that MCL and Jimmy Butler last year he was playing through a knee soreness injury, whatever it

2 (16m 12s):
Was was. So it was his ankle. But regardless he hurt himself in the Nick series.

3 (16m 16s):
Like if there's a guy that might play through this, it would be Jimmy Butler. I don't know

1 (16m 22s):
If he's going to, I think

3 (16m 23s):
I, I'm not, I I'm just saying if you, if whatever that agent said, I didn't see that. But assuming he's out, obviously it's a easy road for the Celtics to the finals because not only is Jimmy Butler, And, I don't even think Miami gets past Chicago without Jimmy Butler. Chicago's been playing pretty decent basketball. If they do, they're still going out obviously to Boston. If they don't have Jimmy Butler, okay then Boston is who, who did a second round, they will have Orlando or Cleveland. They should win that. That's not that tough. And then you get maybe a banged up Philly or Milwaukee or an Overmatch Nicks team. Now that said Nick, last year it was Atlanta, Philly with NB banged up and actually missing one of the games and then Miami that had been in ac.

2 (17m 13s):
Yeah, but last year's Boston team was not this year's Boston team. They weren't the one seed that weren't

3 (17m 17s):
But, but it, but it was the core. I get that they got poor Zia. Here's what I'm saying is last year it was simple and they didn't even get there. Alright. If they don't get to the finals,

2 (17m 30s):
Okay,

3 (17m 31s):
I think Joe Missoula has to be gone.

2 (17m 33s):
Something has to happen. This

3 (17m 35s):
Would be the second year. And I. I think this would be the second year where it looked like you should have got there, especially when Milwaukee got

2 (17m 41s):
Beat. Right? Right Now Milwaukee's the second favorite. You bet a hundred dollars on Milwaukee to make the finals. You make 800, you bet a hundred dollars on Ball. To make the finals. To make the finals. You bet a hundred dollars on Boston to make the finals. you win 40 bucks. They are a minus 2 25 favorite against the field to make the finals. There is the, I totally agree with what you're saying. Brew, I'm just trying to add to it. They And I. If it's not, it would either be Fire the coach or Trade Jail and Brown or do something drastic. You can't, it would be the historical precedent of a team with this regular season resume. Even if you had a gauntlet in front of you, not making the finals. Is non-existent this regular season resume?

3 (18m 22s):
Well there was a, there been a, there was a 60 win team. Was it Denver the or No, Seattle that lost to Denver with ung.

2 (18m 29s):
Oh yeah, the eight one. Correct. So in the best of five round

3 (18m 32s):
One in Dallas with Dirk. Eight one.

2 (18m 34s):
Right. But Golden State. So not all of these boxes that I'm about to show you, they checked off. So you've been pointing out point differential all year. We can show you that every single one of those teams with a point differential like Boston won the title. What about win your conference by 10 plus games. It's been done 14 times. I don't have a graphic for this doesn't have to hear me on it. 10 of the 14 won the championship and the ones that didn't brew, three of them ran into like, it was the oh six Pistons who ran into Shaq and D Wade or the 73 Celtics who ran into the Knicks or the 86 Lakers. It was Samson and at least you had Okay.

2 (19m 14s):
Right. Hall of Famers beat us in that situation. They have three 20 point scores in their starting lineup. All of NBA history. The team, the number one seeds that have had that, the St. Louis Hawks with Bob Petit, west Wilton Elgin, and twice the kd, Steph Clay Warriors. That's it. This team has it for the, for this team to not make the finals when Giannis is dealing with a calf in beads, limping around and Jimmy Butler is out. Weeks would be a historic choke job.

3 (19m 48s):
Especially And I. Get it. It's a little different. 'cause they have zenga they've made the finals. Yeah. With the, this core has made the finals. And what I would say is You know what we need a tough hardnosed coach like I uca was and he did a good job in Houston, Jersey. Whatever happens, And I think Missoula's a a a finesse coach. A finesse coach blocking shots. Their game is finesse.

2 (20m 11s):
Hold on. Can I ask you

3 (20m 12s):
A question? I need a little,

2 (20m 13s):
Hold on. Shoot a lot of three. Wait a second. Waits. Hold on. They

3 (20m 16s):
Don't get to the line. They shoot a ton of threes. Right,

2 (20m 19s):
But Right. But but right now I'm not a Missoula fan. But right now we have to say what he's done is working. I look, I you are just saying if they were to lose

3 (20m 28s):
You were, if they lose, I like Missoula. Okay. Okay, good. I'm just saying if they lose, okay. Like you, it's a yellow Greek road it to the vinyls.

2 (20m 35s):
You agree with that? Right.

3 (20m 36s):
And last year, And, it should get to the finals. I'm not firing Missoula. Last year was a yellow brick roll after Giannis was hurt and they got eliminated. It was no. Yeah. I mean it should have been like,

2 (20m 45s):
Hold on. I like Missoula.

3 (20m 46s):
Yeah. I like

1 (20m 46s):
Too. I not firing Missoula. If you get to the Eastern conference finals and something weird

2 (20m 49s):
Happens. Wait, if you get to the Eastern, you're, hold on a second.

3 (20m 51s):
This will be two straight years.

2 (20m 52s):
What changes are you making?

1 (20m 54s):
I don't know. I'm not firing Missoula. I like Missoula. I like him. They

3 (20m 57s):
Were a great team when he took over and they would've gone

2 (21m 1s):
And now they're better how

3 (21m 2s):
They got to the finals without

2 (21m 3s):
Him. Yeah. I mean the, again, again, we are, this is I firing. I wanna be clear to the audience. 'cause it's, if you just jumped in,

1 (21m 9s):
Now we're all the

2 (21m 10s):
Way to the right. Celtics in the finals.

3 (21m 11s):
Well, I I got him in the finals, so I don't think he's gonna get fired. I Don think he should, but if they get

2 (21m 15s):
Beat, right, the, the, the context of the conversation is if they don't make the finals, there is no excuse is I guess the point, right? The, the, the one of the reasons basketball's to me such a unique and beautiful sport is because no matter how great a team is, if you run into a true legend,

1 (21m 35s):
If you run the Giannis and Dame and Dame wins a game, no

2 (21m 38s):
Hold on goes

1 (21m 39s):
Crazy

3 (21m 40s):
Wins two game. Let's see if Giannis is a hundred percent. Yeah. you know, there's a little of course

2 (21m 44s):
Nuance, but right now Giannis is not playing. Right. Right now we're worried about Giannis is achilles tendon. I know. So that's, so, so that's the point I was kind of trying getting ready to make is I in basketball, I typically don't think chokes are fair. If it's, the answer is you didn't choke a legendary player beat you. My point is, the east has three legendary or legendary adjacent guys in it and they're all hurt. Right? So if that's the case and you're the one seed and the bracket fell perfectly, you gotta make the finals. They

1 (22m 13s):
Should make the finals. Yeah, they

3 (22m 14s):
Should. They should. I'm not even saying they have to win it, but they need to. Exactly

2 (22m 17s):
Right. That's exactly how I feel,

1 (22m 19s):
Bro. I'm just saying if it's game seven in Boston and Dame has 50 points,

2 (22m 23s):
You lose a game seven at home to a Celtic team that fired,

1 (22m 26s):
That lost their coat. This is a shot. I mean, come on, double check to the Cowboys next.

2 (22m 32s):
That's how they made their one finals was a game seven where someone missed a shot.

6 (22m 38s):
Okay. Quick math. The less your business spends on operations, on multiple systems on delivering your product or service, the more margin you have and the more money you keep. Obvious. But with higher expenses on materials, employees distribution and borrowing everything costs more so to reduce costs and headaches, smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is the number one cloud financial system. Bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one platform and one source of truth. With NetSuite, you reduce it costs because NetSuite lives in the cloud with no hardware required, accessed from anywhere.

6 (23m 19s):
You cut the cost of maintaining multiple systems because you've got one unified business management suite and you're improving efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. Slashing manual tasks and errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move. So do the math. See how you'll profit with NetSuite by popular demand. NetSuite has extended. Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to netsuite.com/ftf netsuite.com/ftf netsuite.com/ftf.

1 (23m 57s):
Welcome back to a caffeinated show. Look at young Bill Belichick. Looking great. Headed to Dallas. Maybe in an article yesterday from Wickersham Van NTA and Fowler, a source said if he does coach, it'll be with Dallas. Look at this. A source we spoke with a long time friend of Belichick. We're trying to figure that out. He said the friend wonders if the coach will have another opportunity at all. I don't think Bell Bill Belichick will ever be a head coach again in the NFL. The friend said, unless it's for Jerry Jones. Dun Don Dun Brew. Are you buying Bill Belichick could coach the Cowboys?

3 (24m 29s):
Yes. Under one condition you bring back Dak.

2 (24m 33s):
That's correct.

3 (24m 35s):
Why

2 (24m 35s):
Do I That's why would we want to go there? I,

3 (24m 37s):
I would want if, if I've got my quarterback right, obviously you're gonna have CD lamb. The defense has already got good players. And it is good. But we know Belichick will take care of the defense. They'll be top of the league and with Dak. Yeah, I think it could work. Steven Jones is good with personnel. That's a, a weakness we might say, at least lately for Belichick has been personnel decisions. Steven Jones takes care of that. You are only, he's only gonna be there two, three years. And it super Bowl or bust.

1 (25m 8s):
It was always so

3 (25m 9s):
You gotta keep that like if they get rid of Dak, then I'm not even looking at Belichick 'cause we're kinda rebuilding I guess. But yeah, I think it could work. Bill Parcells was there four years with Jerry Jones. So, and

2 (25m 22s):
Yeah, they, and they I mean they had, they had some success that I obviously

3 (25m 25s):
The, and

2 (25m 26s):
It's two three old Snap game And.

3 (25m 27s):
So they might run out of, you know, they might be at each other's throat after three years, but it could last for that long.

2 (25m 33s):
So I don't agree with this quote by the way that, oh Belichick, he's gonna have no options. Maybe Jerry Jones and that's it. Because I think that this football season, remember how this past year, every team that had bad quarterback play someone sometimes on this show, sometimes other shows would be like, could I had Lamar And? it was kind of true, kind of not true, but it was, well it will be true this year. Every team out there whose coach just bungles the new kickoff rules, she's just like, oh my God, they got us again. Every coach that can't figure out the time score situation, it will be true when people are like, Hmm, maybe should at least, you know, invited Belichick in for a meeting, picked his brain And.

2 (26m 17s):
so I think Belichick's stock is only going to rise. I agree. I think that Belichick is going to be,

3 (26m 24s):
I'm, I'm iffy on

2 (26m 25s):
That. See I think he

3 (26m 26s):
Is because he hasn't been good these last few years.

2 (26m 29s):
So I i under Right. Which is why I think his stock's at an all time low and will only rise. Can I,

1 (26m 35s):
I think that, tell you another thing, Sean Peyton stock Saints weren't good. you know, saints were mediocre after Drew Brees. Yeah. Got on, got on tv. Right. You're in people's living rooms. Exactly right. And Bill Belichick at the podium given gruff answers we're on Cincinnati like, you know Yeah. Furrow Brow and the Bill Belichick we even saw in McAfee yesterday smiling, cracking jokes. And once he starts to all open up on this and this, and here's what you can do, some owner is gonna fall in love with

2 (27m 2s):
That. And, and bro, to just to but your your point, I think that any team that has its offensive talent in place that doesn't love their head coach Belichick should be their first call. Yeah. Because he will button And. so the Cowboys, if they were to keep Dak, answer all the You, know what I mean, check all those boxes. So I agree with you entirely on that. I think it's a more than viable. He Belichick I think got worse in two ways over the last decade. One, his evaluation of offensive talent and where the league was going offensively clearly deteriorated. And two Michael Hawley, I think, did Michael Hawley write the great Patriots book?

2 (27m 43s):
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. In that book, Belichick talks about how he wants to always have people around him that challenge him, that push back, that tell him when he thinks he's wrong. And I it pretty clear he lost that to a degree. Norra Preti made this point and it's our smart one, which is when all the people left you, the brain drain catches up to you. Right. And it's your people who learn football from you that that's gonna hurt you. I don't think, he's not a brilliant football mind, I don't think he's not a brilliant, sorry for the double negatives. I think he's still a brilliant leader. I think so many teams would benefit from having him and maybe he'll benefit from the year off. But yeah, I think he could coach the Cowboys.

1 (28m 22s):
Drew, do you think the chaos around the Cowboys, the sh less, less chaos the show of the Dallas Cowboys versus the, you know Yeah. The, the quiet and the focus on football in New England. Do you think Bill will have to go in and say, Hey, it needs to be this way or Bill's gonna be like, You know what, there's a carnival outside, but I'm in here coaching football.

3 (28m 45s):
I would love it if he did go do the former the first when you said like if he went in and said, look, this is the culture I want and I mean. Are you going to do that to the owner and say, I don't want you speaking every week or after every

1 (28m 58s):
Game. You wanna win a Super Bowl.

3 (28m 60s):
I that, that's what Belichick should say. And he shouldn't be desperate, so desperate for a job that he's just gonna tell you what you want to hear. But yeah, he should say he knows how to win And. so I don't need the coach talking or the owner talking after every game. Let me do that. Okay.

1 (29m 16s):
I like that. Staying with the Belichick job hunt. I'll be honest with you. I thought we were

2 (29m 21s):
Gonna commercial. Yeah, I know Buddy. You gotta stop doing the podcast before the show. I mean you're just, you're just happy. Article

1 (29m 27s):
Notes that the go coach has told confidants, he hopes the team in the northeast has an opening. He's kicked around the Eagles and the Giants and despises the Jets as of do I And it already coached the Patriots. So there's one team left, bro. Could you see Belichick in Buffalo?

3 (29m 41s):
Could I I love it. I mean so I, I love him. I'm not even trying to do go to my go-to move. I love him in Buffalo. I mean. Look, you think Craft and a lot of others think he craft betrayed him. Yeah. We think maybe he was just being honest with a good friend. Whatever the case this is Belichick can't like it. And what better way to get back at Craft and the Patriots than going to Buffalo. Everything is in you. The defense is already pretty good. He, we know he'll take care of the defense offensively. You got Josh Allen come on. He knows how to beat Mahomes. I mean in fairness. Yep. He's beating him and like he

7 (30m 21s):
Knows how to beat, beat the Jets. He knows

2 (30m 23s):
How to beat the S. right. By the way, for, I'm not because of these craft comments and because And I reread the article. Kraft went out of his way also to call the Washington owner to give him a heads up about Bill. He made two phone calls to the Robert Kra to who's the Arthur Blank Like in case I didn't make it clear on the first one or in the documentary where I called him a pain in the ass. Don't hire this guy, he's a pain. The, okay, well you know I'll get to Robert Krepp later. I can't believe the betrayal I, I put back on the board the Jets. I think they're back on the

3 (30m 54s):
Board going to the Belichick

2 (30m 55s):
Wouldn't. Yes. He hate that. He

3 (30m 56s):
Hate Jet. Well what do they they don't, they don't have the pieces. Now again, if Buffalo doesn't offer him a job. Yeah,

2 (31m 1s):
Hold on. What do you mean they don't have the pieces? The Jets. You think the Jets have all the pieces?

3 (31m 5s):
Well now

2 (31m 6s):
I'm saying in a year. In a year the Jets have all the pieces.

3 (31m 9s):
We'll see what Rogers is in

2 (31m 10s):
A year. But the or Yeah. And by the way, you mentioned only going to Dallas if Dak is there. I think Dak and you know, could be a free agent a lot of places next year potentially. But yes, I think he's going to want to humiliate the Patriots. And I think the best place to do it is obviously the A FC East Miami I don't think is changing their coach. He's not going back to the Patriots obviously to humiliate them. That doesn't make sense. So there's only a couple teams there and when he says Northeast, everyone's gonna attach him to the Giants. I understand that. But also, and they don't have the offensive talent and Dbol is one of his guys. But he did, it did get mentioned in the article, which I thought was odd. Yeah, I I thought it was odd as well. And but also they don't, I wouldn't recommend that spot for him because he'd be in a similar spot as the Patriots where You know what I mean.

2 (31m 55s):
You're the, with a young quarterback or an unproven or a bad quarterback, whatever it is. Yes. I think this is on the board. I I still believe that The, Bills Eagles and Cowboys all made a mistake by not firing their coach and hiring Bill Belichick. Mm. Me as a Chiefs fan. Believe it or not. I know I hide that on the show. Impartial journalist. Would I have been a little bummed out if the Buffalo Bills had hired Bill Belichick this off season? Yeah. Would I be bummed out if they hired him next off season? Yeah. That means it's a good idea for them. Yeah, that's right.

3 (32m 32s):
You know, I've been saying McDermott as well as he's done should have been gone. Yeah. I mean you were early on that there's a

2 (32m 38s):
Ceiling with him. You were early on that.

1 (32m 39s):
Alright, coming up next we're talking about Clay Thompson who doesn't wanna talk about his future, just wants to talk about the now. So there's no reason to kind of go into the future. Just live in the now property. D dude.

9 (32m 54s):
Hey it's Kaylee Coco for Price Line. Ready to go to your happy place for a happy price. Well why didn't you say so? Just download the Priceline app right now and save up to 60% on hotels. So whether it's cousin Kevin's kazoo concert in Kansas City, go Kevin or Becky's Bachelorette Bash in Bermuda. You never have to miss a trip ever again. So download the Priceline app today. Your savings are waiting.

10 (33m 15s):
Go to your happy place for a happy price. Got your happy price Price line.

1 (33m 24s):
We're gonna go out to the bay free agent to be Clay Thompson. Met with the media yesterday. We're in a bit of a tough spot here bro. You don't really talk, want to talk about Clay going scoreless in a do or die game that calls the Warriors the season. Also Clay was not interested in talking about the future. So you're stuck. Take a listen.

8 (33m 43s):
We, we don't want to talk about the season first. You want to talk about the future. A lot of games played man. That was pretty big accomplishment. What's up with y'all not wanting to live in the present bro? It's ridiculous. Well consider it's April 17th. I don't think I have to pivot that quickly When his free agency July 1st. Yeah, I got some time. I got some time.

1 (34m 8s):
Can't tell if he's amused by it or upset.

3 (34m 13s):
It's tough for him to deal with. Let's just keep it real. Right. I mean he knows he is not what he used to be. He's had a, you know, his role on the team is declined. The guy he came in with or you know, close enough step. It's still balling. Like it's a tough, I get it. It's tough to deal with what he's going through.

2 (34m 32s):
And can I add something to that? He walked into that room knowing probably my last time publicly as a member of the Warriors. He didn't say it. Yeah. Or

3 (34m 45s):
Or after. I just scored zero points

2 (34m 47s):
Too. Yeah. But no, but I, I honestly think that's why he was saying like we gotta go right to the future. We don't, he you know, played a lot of games big like the thing like I think there was real motion there of knowing He certainly knows it's possible. Sure, yeah. And And I would say it's likely and and obviously they'll retire his jersey. He'll have other things. But where he is a member of that team day before that was probably his last game and yesterday was probably his last day. So like I, I get him being, you know, kind of stirred up about it.

3 (35m 20s):
I understand that. I don't think it's so cut and dried though. It my, it depends on first it depends on what other teams go after Clay and how much money they offer him. Is Clay, does he really want to come back to Golden State And it, will he take a significant pay cut and a significant perhaps role or less significant role on the team. Maybe he's coming off the bench again. you know, he got his starting job back and then look it depends on can we trade Andrew Wiggins? What could we possibly get to put around Steph and Draymond and Minga. Like I just think at this point it's all up in there. I wouldn't be like, we're definitely getting rid of Clay. It'd be a possibility for sure.

3 (36m 2s):
But I'm still got a lot to look at.

2 (36m 4s):
I was pretty certain going into the playing that if they lost it was gonna be his last game. I'm more certain now because right after the game, Steve Kerr gotta bring him back. Gotta bring Chris Paul back. Gotta bring everyone back. Chris Steve Kerr a day later. And Don. Don't know what meetings were on Steve Kerr's agenda yesterday, but I imagine he chatted with the owner. Here's what Steve Kerr said yesterday evening. I don't think it makes sense to have a massive payroll right now with our team. At some point you can't spend this much money for a team that didn't make the playoffs. We have a lot of decisions to make and a lot of questions to answer.

2 (36m 46s):
He also talked about potentially pivoting to younger players. I do not believe there is a world that exists where the Warriors have an expensive team again next year. The owner said it was priority one and that was before he knew they were gonna be the 10th seed and get knocked out the coach after saying wanna bring everyone back within 24 hours. You know what I mean. Maybe got the code red from ownership and backtracked and Clay is not the level of, he has not de decreased his level of player the way Russell Westbrook had. As from a perception from a league wide perception standpoint where if there were a lot of teams brew that if we're we're given Russell Westbrook, in fact one was he was traded and bought out.

2 (37m 33s):
Right? Like that don't want him. Clay is still a useful player. He is still, I think one of the a hundred best players in the league. Like You know what I mean. He can still help a team. His shooting percentage shows you that. His length shows you that And. so someone's gonna pay him and it's not gonna be Golden State and that then

3 (37m 52s):
Does he want to go somewhere else too.

2 (37m 55s):
But I guess my other point is this, staying in Golden State is also not his best opportunity when it comes to winning. If another team can offer you a better chance to win and more money. So I'm just staying there 'cause I like the my boat and my friends. Well

3 (38m 10s):
Will I have a role anywhere else that's as big as goal? Say I, I'm you make sense? I'm not saying he's definitely coming back. I'm just saying it's all up in

2 (38m 18s):
Head. I think Dallas give him a pretty good role. I think, you know, I think Dallas stand there hit threes. Yeah. Be the third

3 (38m 24s):
I mean play off Luca. That is a

2 (38m 26s):
Good role. Yeah, that's a good role. Orlando by the way is still playing. The Warriors are not. Yeah, that's

3 (38m 32s):
Fair. Orlando wouldn't excite me as much. You're not winning a championship there.

2 (38m 35s):
Take the boat around Disney World.

11 (38m 39s):
That's true. He does like the water.

1 (38m 42s):
In last year's playoffs, Mike Malone took umbrage with the media's interest in the Lakers and at the championship parade he lit up when broadcaster Vic Lombardi referred to him as And I quote the Laker's daddy. Well here he is respectfully on Denver's success against the Lake Show. Take a listen.

12 (39m 1s):
There's 16 teams in the postseason and there's 15 teams trying to take what we have. We have to understand that like this is not going into round one. Game one. They're like, there's there's a bullseye in our back. Even more so now the league's been cut in half almost. And we have a responsibility to understand that LA is, we we swept them last year. We swept them this year. They're coming in not only playing well but really hungry and they wanna flip that script.

1 (39m 28s):
That's fair. More likely LA upset or yet another Denver sweep

2 (39m 32s):
Before I answer Brew. I like that version of Michael Malone. I do. That's your guy. I know you've known Michael Malone a long time. I didn't, you know, I wasn't a huge fan of the Lakers daddy stuff. I wasn't a huge fan of him going on McAfee. Mocking the idea that the greatest player ever after your 20 mike contemplate for a few days retirement. I didn't like that. That version of Michael Malone. I like my answer is obviously it's more likely a Laker's upset 'cause I picked it. Wild's also thought about picking it. 'cause we have a picture of him holding up the Lakers and

1 (40m 1s):
Trick

2 (40m 2s):
That people should share.

1 (40m 3s):
We moved out to Magic Trick far

2 (40m 4s):
And wide but wild. Yeah. What's your answer? Because I have a proposition for you depending on it.

1 (40m 12s):
Well, I would say, you know, I could see the Lakers winning a

2 (40m 16s):
Game. No, but that's not the question buddy. You, you asked the question. I will now ask it. This is a binary thing. Is it more, do you think it is but they

1 (40m 23s):
Can't win. So Nugget sweet. Nugget

2 (40m 24s):
Sweet. It's

1 (40m 25s):
Impossible for them to win. All

2 (40m 26s):
Right. Shaved head bet. Wow.

1 (40m 28s):
Shaved head bet.

2 (40m 29s):
Wow. If the nuggets sweep there, there's a lot of of, there's a lot of worlds wilds where neither happens. I got you. Wait bro, stop it. I gotta take, I gotta take viewers behind the curtain. Thank you bro. What do you mean? I head back? What do you mean? You were about to sha your head anyway. No, I don't want So why want you to shave your head, but I don't want to you can't whatever the I don't want what you're doing. Hold on. Listen,

1 (40m 55s):
No one's shad their

2 (40m 56s):
Head wilds. I don't. Wild, wild on. Listen, here's the deal. You don't have to worry about it 'cause you said no one's beating 'em in a seven game series. It's the only thing of relevance you've tweeted other than pod promos in the last two years. So it's a free roll for you. It's a free roll.

1 (41m 15s):
I'm not shaving my head. Well,

11 (41m 16s):
Nick,

2 (41m 17s):
Crash the car, drive your car into the Hudson River

1 (41m 19s):
Bat. No, I'm not doing that. Where? Where Jamal, Jamal Murray. Knee injury from what? From things going sideways.

2 (41m 30s):
The, I've

1 (41m 30s):
Been on the record of that. The Nuggets Health have to be healthy player You know what?

2 (41m 34s):
I'll give you a health out best player. I'll give you a health out.

1 (41m 36s):
I'm not shaving my head.

2 (41m 39s):
I don't a lot of

1 (41m 40s):
Confidence yesterday. You, you had to use magic. Get serious

3 (41m 42s):
About his looks. My he get kicked outta the handsome boys club.

1 (41m 48s):
Mens

3 (41m 49s):
Handsome. Is that going? I'm 50 years

1 (41m 51s):
Old for

2 (41m 52s):
God's sakes. Alright, can I make it, bro? Are we talking

1 (41m 54s):
Statistics or are we talking

2 (41m 55s):
Carnival games? No, well, la listen, I guess the, the, the point I would make is I think last year's sweep was incredibly statistically unlikely. Any series where the win probability for the game is around 50% in every single game at the five minute mark, one team winning all of those games is incredibly unlike there's

3 (42m 19s):
A term

2 (42m 19s):
For that. No, you created that term

3 (42m 21s):
Close sweep.

2 (42m 22s):
The, it was

3 (42m 23s):
A close

2 (42m 23s):
Sweep. It was a You know what, bro, I'll meet you halfway. It was a sweep where every single game was close. If you consider that a close sweep. So be it And. so I I think there are reasons to believe the Lakers can win. Obviously there are more reasons to believe for the general public and for everyone seemingly but me that the nuggets can win. I think a sweep would be incredibly unlikely or is incredibly unlikely and would be very surprising.

3 (42m 49s):
You think the seasons are unlikely?

1 (42m 51s):
I I'm not.

3 (42m 51s):
You're

1 (42m 52s):
Not. I think the Lakers can get a game. Okay.

3 (42m 54s):
Yeah. You got 'em in five. This is a tough question because I do, look, if the Lakers somehow win this series, I think they're the favorite in, in my book at least. They're the favorite to win it all. Like I think they would beat Boston or who, if Boston comes outta the east, assuming they do. But I also think Denver's gonna win the series. I I said five yesterday. This is my official six. Six Denver and six. So to answer this question though, you are right about these statistical improbability of the sweep. Look, the last, well, well, believe it or not, that was the first sweep that Michael Malone and Yoic have had. And here's the kicker.

3 (43m 34s):
That was the first series sweep in Denver Nuggets history that they won. They been swept, but that was the first one they won. So look, I think the Lakers, you know, I i i it is riding a lot on dlo. I, you know, LeBron's gonna play well. I he might, I think he could get tired and fade. I was surprised that I thought he just faded in the fourth quarter against New Orleans. So that's a possibility. I I I'm gonna go with a Lakers victory. I, I give the Lakers about a 20 per 20 to 25% chance of winning the series, right? And. so I'm gonna say the

2 (44m 8s):
Lakers. And you think, you think there's a better chance Lakers upset Yeah. Than winning than Denver sweep. you think

1 (44m 12s):
There's a 20% chance they win. How does that happen?

2 (44m 14s):
That's what Vegas thinks too, by the way. That's not a crazy thing by him. They, they,

1 (44m 18s):
I

3 (44m 18s):
Think they're like, again, I,

2 (44m 20s):
They, I think they

3 (44m 20s):
Would Dallas is up there, but I think the Lakers would become the favorite if they were witnesses that shows how good they

2 (44m 26s):
Are. Listen, since the, this year the Lakers have the best record in the league in close games or in one the games decided by single digits. Denver is second. Since the Allstar break. The, the, or since the February 1st, I should say, pardon me. When they change the, when the change the starting lineup, it is third, fourth, fourth, third, second, fourth in every major category, whether it's record offensive rating, field goal percentage, Denver Lakers toggling back and forth since the Lakers went to this five man starting lineup. They should have had all year. They have been an outstanding team. Now Denver has been better than them all year, no doubt about it.

2 (45m 7s):
But underdogs win playoff series. Sure. And we saw the Lakers as a seven seed last year. Get to the conference finals. So I, your your assertion that it's an impossibility is why I thought you would put your hair where your mouth was and make a bet where you had a total free roll. I'm shocked you wouldn't because you're about to present me a million stats. Go ahead. About why Nuggets

1 (45m 29s):
Can't lose. I just, we talk a lot about Joker and Jamal Murray and how well they play. So we had Josh pull up like, Hey, how well do they do? Well it turns out the other, the rest of the nuggets do just as well. So then we, we kind of extrapolated out. I said, Josh, can you show me each guy? Well, Murray goes for 30 shoots, 50% KCP shoots 50%. Wow. And PJ shoots 49%. He takes a lot of threes. Wow. Aaron Gordon shoots 55%. He's catching a lot of dunks right next to the rim and Joker shooting. 55%, 54%.

3 (46m 1s):
Good numbers. Wild.

1 (46m 2s):
They're pretty good. Now you might say, well, wilds, is the Lakers defense better than this year or this year or better last year? Well, they're actually better. Last year, last season they were 12th this year, their 17th. So the defense has gotten worse. The nuggets that was during their eight game win streak. They, they're still excellent. And I know what you're saying? It's all on Joker and Jamal Murray. But when you watch the game, it's like, oh, there's Aaron Gordon, there's MPJ in the big three oh KCP former Laker little revenge games.

3 (46m 30s):
I do, it's almost universally believed Nick that the nuggets were better last year. I I reject that. They're better in the clutch this year offensively and defensively. I I think Christian Brown has stepped up. Now I get Bruce Brown was big in that series. Jeff Green was pretty big, but he, you know, he is older. But I think Peyton Watson, I, I like him. Like I I I don't think they're worse. And I also think now they have the knowledge we've won. you know, you get that swagger, that belief from winning the championship. So maybe

2 (46m 59s):
A series. I don't think Jamal Murray is gonna average 33 a game on 55%. I don't we'll see

1 (47m 6s):
Live from New York. It's the show that's obviously not shaving their heads for a bad bet.

2 (47m 11s):
He's trying to trick me into had some encouraging your convictions. I was willing to do it. You want, I've got better hair than you anyway. Who said

1 (47m 17s):
That?

2 (47m 17s):
America And no

1 (47m 19s):
One's ever said that. It's the second hour. First. Things First today, Derek Henry talks about what the ravens need to do to get to the Super Bowl challenge the, the Chiefs. Meanwhile, hold on. Are the Patriots not drafting a quarterback? Does that mean we're gonna get a free agent quarterback next year? Hmm. Strong. Hmm. But right now it's time for the most motivational segment in all sports. The, Bud, List. It's also time where we read a little bit of viewer mail, some controversial virtual mail yesterday with Ryan and Brian yesterday or last week. Well, yesterday sent me a letter read on the air. Oh, really? And last week was time. They apologized. Oh, okay.

1 (47m 59s):
Dear Wilds, love the show. Do you actually think Bill Belichick? And we just talked about this could end up in Dallas. Cheers. Why are you laughing?

3 (48m 9s):
This was so obvious. What?

1 (48m 12s):
Just so obvious about it. Yeah. All right. Don and Don. Well, thank you Don Don. Usually we use this time to talk about funny jokes, but I'm glad we decided to have some real football analysis about, I told you I don't wanna do this bit anymore, but don't work.

3 (48m 30s):
Where's the real me? That's the real We did. I posed for 45 minutes pictures of me with the cowboy hat. you And they never, they, they wanted me to. Cowboys don't really, they never, they never showed that. Oh my goodness. Alright, we go, let's get to this week's. But The, Bud, List has been on a roll. You ruined it and the tiger came out, right? I mean it's been, look, he's been a roll again. Consider it an honor to be on this Nick Ciani number three. Can you, I, I feel bad for Nick Ciani. Can you imagine? Yesterday he wakes up, gets his, you know, mug of coffees. I'm gonna sit down and read, you know, espn.com and he finds out reading his story that his owner had a little bit of interest, it seems in Bill Belichick asked the confidant of about Bill Belichick I mean, my goodness.

3 (49m 20s):
So he has to be a little bit worried. But look, he, they, he was, some people thought he should have been on the hot seat last year or after last season. They elected to bring him back. But this year we know he's on the hot seat. Alright. There was interest in Belichick at least enough to talk to him or talk to others about him. You are an SBO team. Alright. So they, and, and Belichick's only got a few more years to coach. Anyway, so Nick, you gotta get off to a great start. I'm not saying they bringing Belichick midway through the season, but you got Vic Fangio, who's been a head coach, and Kellen Moore, who a few years ago was the new hotness maybe viewed as a next head coach.

3 (50m 3s):
So, Nick, the pressure's on. But you, the good news is you do have a good team. So the supernatural funk, I think it's gone. Oh, gone. Oh goodness. It's gone. Don't worry about that. But I actually believe it. Oh, that didn't, Nick Wright

1 (50m 17s):
Doesn't, you didn't really have your

3 (50m 19s):
Heart in that one. Yeah. Nick, I'm, I'm with you I mean, go ahead and get it done. Alright, at number two, dlo. Oh, DeAngelo. Russell. Now look, I picked the nuggets in six, but I do think you guys, the Lakers have a decent chance. I mean I'm saying 20, 25%, but a lot of it rides on your shoulders. LeBron's gonna get his points. And the fact that LeBron's gonna get his points no matter what, means you should not defer the Laker season in some part turned when DeAngelo starts saying it and LeBron M told just, do you be aggressive point. Don't just look for me in ad. Keep that mentality. Ad's gonna play well most of the time LeBron's gonna play well, you gotta play well.

3 (51m 4s):
And we know your playoff history's not good. Even last year played okay in the first round against Memphis. Declined a little bit against Golden State and then disaster a no show. 13% from three six points a game against Denver. If the Lakers gonna have any chance of winning this, you have to be the man. And you talk about having ice in your veins, here's your time dlo to show that you actually do, you can change your whole narrative in LA and for your whole career. That's right. If you go out there, And it, get it done, I'm iffy. Yeah, but you might be able to get it done. Okay. Alright. At number one, Joel mb, and this is, look, Wildes is going to be softer on you than I am.

3 (51m 47s):
He showed that earlier in the, in the show. That's what I do. Alright? I, I'm saying this. No excuses.

2 (51m 54s):
Oh

3 (51m 55s):
No excuses. I get it. you are not a hundred percent, but You know what at this point you are never a hundred percent not in the playoffs. And now that you're 30, when in the world are you going to be a hundred percent in the playoffs? I don't know. 'cause you had two and a half months off of rehab, played five regular season games and got injured again. So this is your lot. You are the guy in the playoffs that unfortunately is at about 70, 80%. And that's just how we're gonna have to judge you. But we're not going to make it an excuse if you guys go out again, unceremoniously prematurely in the playoffs.

3 (52m 37s):
So Joelle, I do believe in you. I mean I picked the Knicks, but still I think you can go, I wanna see you go out there and reverse this whole playoff narrative that you drop off in the postseason. You do. But let's see you go ahead and get it done. I wanna believe in you. I wanna believe in you Joelle, bro,

2 (52m 55s):
Before I even add mine, can I just buttress your point on Embi, this is the graphic I was referring to earlier. This is the full list of MVPs who haven't won a title. But Barkley Malone, Hardin Iversson and Russ made a finals. Obviously Nash and Derrick Rose made multiple conference finals for Nash, won for Rose and got injured. And Be's the one guy who's never even been to the NBA's version of the Final four. Hmm. It is a wild list to be on because it's just him. And honestly the guys who haven't made the finals, they Nash and some people kind of put asterisk mental ones at least next to his second MVP Derek Rose. We know he just got hurt for MB Indeed's gotta find a way at some point to get off that list.

2 (53m 37s):
So I think that's a great point. Brew. I would like to add Robert Craft to The Bud List. I encourage everyone to go read Dan Wetzels column on Yahoo Sports today. Dan as well as being a great children's book author is still when he wants to yes, as good of a kind of take down artist in the column space back like the great commas of Bruce AA were. And he makes I think a brilliant case basically saying, what are you doing? It's not just that a team that was worth less than 200 million when you bought, it's now worth close to 6 billion.

2 (54m 16s):
It's that you Robert Kraft clearly enjoy the limelight friendship with Meek Mill You. you were just on the shop, I saw it. You are at the White party. You are out here and you know why you are and Steven Ross and, and others aren't because you're a dynastic owner. you know why you are a celebrity owner because of Bill Belichick and Tom Brady. And you know why we know who Tom Brady is initially. 'cause Bill Belichick drafted him and had the audacity to then put him into the starting lineup. And I think I know why? Because there's a very curious part of the dynasty docuseries, which checks notes was produced by Kraft Dynasty, LLC seemed to glaze over one important part of the dynasty.

2 (55m 7s):
The dynasty back-to-back championships because that's the part that really has Bill Belichick's fingerprints the most on it. So if that's not enough and you staring into the camera and saying Bill's basically a pain in the ass and really trashing him through the series as the villain of it, you are now going out of your way to cost him jobs. You're not making one phone call to the owner of the Falcons Arthur Blank. You're making two, you are reportedly going to Washington and doing due diligence there as opposed to trying to help out a guy who helped make you literally billions of dollars and famous. So I am putting Robert Kraft on The Bud List not his motivation, but as an indictment.

2 (55m 50s):
And I would be very careful if I were Robert Kraft in full on alienating a coach who I think is petty, vindictive and still has his fastball. 'cause I think that's what he's done. And I. Think Bill Belichick is going to make it a priority to remind Robert Kraft as long as he can, how great of a coach he really is. So he's under duress.

3 (56m 14s):
Look that that's fair. I the one thing in the article that cool, that gave me pause 'cause I I see it a little differently. Is him calling people now, had they called him Yes. Left a message? Or were they in some sort of sort of dialogue?

1 (56m 28s):
Early billionaire. Yeah. If,

3 (56m 29s):
If, if I'm calling you like, oh, going out my way. Yeah, that's the one thing. Otherwise though, if we're tight and and that's a big part of it too, how close is he to Arthur Blank. Yeah. If they're boys and they're really tight, I do feel like you kind of owe 'em the truth. Like, look, you gonna win, but you can't trust him and do what you wanna do. I mean I, so I'm not mad at that. You gotta be honest with your friends. Was he stealing office supplies? No. I

1 (56m 56s):
Think, like, I think can't trust him. Is Bill Belichick saying that he was content coaching within the lines Right. That eventually was gonna be like, Hey, we have to redo this and redo that and redo this. And all of a sudden, right.

3 (57m 10s):
God

1 (57m 11s):
Forbid you win in Atlanta. Don't Atlanta

3 (57m 13s):
About like it's not how we do it. Well yeah, Atlanta should be willing to Yeah. I mean a advice for Bill. I will say

1 (57m 18s):
That. Thank you.

3 (57m 19s):
They should be willing to

1 (57m 20s):
Do that. I'm putting the Warriors Wow. On The, Bud List and Josh And I. Were grinding the all 10, every game of the Warriors year from last year's exit to last night. You'd fit right

3 (57m 33s):
In in that spaces

1 (57m 34s):
And eventually, eventually, well, I'm not like you just watching 40 games. Yeah. I mean what I gotta, I gotta start. Yeah. Eventually I was like, Josh You know what? Turn off the film projector. The answers that we're looking for are not on the film. You know what it is. I had to rely on brew vibe doctor. Oh. Which is really my expertise being the vibe doctor. So I had to go back to my old GQs where I take a lot of my style cues from. Here's a quote from, I think it's from Steph. I'm sure that Coach Kerr never thought he'd be cool with letting somebody shoot from 35 feet. Now that's, this is commonplace. This is 2017. Without thinking about it. But he respects emotion and he's made playing with joy.

1 (58m 15s):
One of our core, one of the core principles of the team. And when Kevin Durant went there, you always talked about playing with joy. Yep. And that Warrior's team really played with a joy and a happiness. So now I ask you, do you think that this year's team played with a lot of joy, step was crying on the court, clay got into some altercations on the court, very unc, clay-like, and talked about how he had to talk to Steve Kerr and they had to find the joy for the game again. Draymond literally had to go and try to figure out his emotional state and how to keep the edge. So the team reminds me of a couple that is loves each other, but might not be

3 (58m 53s):
In love

1 (58m 54s):
With each other. They, they, they love each other, but the joy of the warriors that used to define the dynasty seems to be gone. Okay. And. I. Just as the vibe Doctor, that's my diagnosis.

3 (59m 6s):
Is there a soul? Soul, right? Is there a big Well you I mean. I I don't

1 (59m 9s):
If you can find the joy, dude.

3 (59m 11s):
Well he's been a critical part of the dynasty, obviously. But the joy left with the sucker punch.

1 (59m 19s):
You think there's no more joy at that?

3 (59m 20s):
Yes. I mean that's when it start. Right. I agree. You sucker punch somebody. It's gonna be hard.

2 (59m 24s):
Exactly right. Have joy I mean? It's in that couple analogy. It's like, well what happened? It's like, well, when you beat up my brother, it really didn't help the situation. Like the I mean. It,

3 (59m 33s):
It hasn't been joy since.

2 (59m 34s):
It's been a little awkward at Thanksgiving. Especially after TMZ got the tape of it right. Oh bro. Behind, behind you.

3 (59m 42s):
That's that's the one I spent 45 minutes after the show one day. What was going on with your head? Got to the odd couple late your head.

1 (59m 50s):
I wasn't Is too low on your torso?

3 (59m 52s):
Yeah. I I I was, you know, I was just different poses.

1 (59m 55s):
Okay. New Baltimore, Raven Derrick Henry met with the media and talked about his new team, Lamar Jackson and his expectations for this year. Take a listen.

13 (1h 0m 7s):
I just love playing this game and gonna continue to play until, you know, I feel like it's my time is up as long as God allow me to play and play at a high level and you know, a new opportunity. Like I said, that I'm excited for a great organization and really wanna hold that trophy up at the end of the year.

1 (1h 0m 27s):
Okay. Are the Ravens the top challenger to the Chiefs?

3 (1h 0m 30s):
I, I, I tell you what I I like that demeanor in the press conference. It's not Hassan Reddick or Tyron Smith. You, y'all don't know what's coming. It is just business. I just wanna win that championship. That's all I'm about. Like that's what I want to see. Okay, good. And look, I like Houston and Cincinnati. I think both have some question marks Burrow, can he stay healthy? What's the receiver? I know you're gonna have Jamar, but what, what other receivers are gonna be there and Houston just, you gotta do it again, right? Yeah. The youth and, and we know you got talent. I don't see any questions. The only question with Baltimore is can you beat the Chiefs? 'cause the defense, we know, I don't care who they lost, the defense is going to be great.

3 (1h 1m 12s):
Five of the last six years they've been top five in the league in scoring defense. Seven of the last eight years. Top 10 in the league scoring defense. So defense is what they do. And last year it can be argued. I don't wanna take anything away from the Chiefs, but they could have won that game if they had just kept running the ball. And when you signed Derrick Henry, I never started running when Well, okay, when you signed Derrick Henry, guess what you're committing to run the football. Okay. So yeah, they

2 (1h 1m 40s):
Are the, what's the biggest game Derrick Henry ever competition for the Chiefs a FC championship game with the Titans. Right? That would be the biggest game they ever played in. Sure. They, they did a commitment to run the ball. How'd that game end for 'em? Come on. Who was their

3 (1h 1m 50s):
Quarterback?

2 (1h 1m 51s):
The listen, A guy who's beating the Chiefs, not a two time guy. A guy who's beating the Chiefs as much as Lamar Jackson has the And. so listen, they, first of all, I, every Chiefs conversation we have, I'm a little pre tilted because we put those odds on the screen. I'm so offended by 'em. The idea that the Niners are the favorites to win the Super Bowl is so laughable, And so insulting to the gambling public. It is odd. It is. It, it's, I'm telling you, if the day after the Super Bowl they replayed the Super Bowl, they'd make the Niners favorites again. But set that aside.

3 (1h 2m 23s):
But in fairness, in fairness, don't you think some of that is, no one's ever three repeated I mean just, just keeping it real.

2 (1h 2m 29s):
Yeah, but it's also pretty rare to lose the Super Bowl and go back the next year and win it. I mean, I think the only team to do that is the Patriots who would just won it the previous year. I could be wrong on that, but just off the top of my head, I, here's what I think about Baltimore. I think you are underplaying the defensive losses from a personnel perspective. And we can't all football season during the season, say across the league, man, what happened to them? Lost a coordinator reverend them lost coordinator, but oh, talk about how important losing coordinators are and then the best defensive coordinator in the league, one of two to go get a head coaching job. Baltimore loses him and then say, oh, they're gonna be fine. They, they had massive departures on the defensive side of the bowl.

2 (1h 3m 13s):
One of the reasons you like the Jets is because they got the Ravens good offensive linemen. So they had departures there, right? Yeah. All these things happened. They, and their big addition is a running back on his third contract, which I just don't think is a good idea. I know what

1 (1h 3m 29s):
He

3 (1h 3m 29s):
Pretty good last year. He's pretty good And it. There are those running backs who've been exceptions. No,

2 (1h 3m 34s):
I, I agree with that. But the last running back, you know, to have for his third contract to be a smart one, we're gonna have to go back and because

1 (1h 3m 44s):
But do you not believe in Derrick Henry? Because all the numbers say he's

3 (1h 3m 47s):
Better than the guys, right?

2 (1h 3m 49s):
So I am not saying that they,

3 (1h 3m 50s):
Two things Nick, you don't, you agree? You can count on with them whoever the coordinator is, defense and running

2 (1h 3m 56s):
Game. So here's what I, here's there's two. Yes to a degree, maybe not to the degree it was last year, but yes. So there's, I want to make a Derrick Henry point. In the Ravens point, there was no reason not to believe, and Henry is a Hall of fame player and better than this guy, but not, not to believe in Dalvin Cook. Based on what his history was, he had had four straight, I think 1200 or 1100 yard seasons. But the, the Vikings saw him every day and were like, you can leave. And he's cooked. He's done. Or at least last year he appeared to be, he was a to, I'm not saying that'll be Derrick Henry. What I'm saying is when the team that you have made your bones with and a team that we now know is trying to win, do you think

1 (1h 4m 36s):
The Titan, sorry the Titans let Mike Vrabel go. Do we think that was a good

2 (1h 4m 39s):
Decision? No, I, I, I agree with you. If

1 (1h 4m 41s):
Let AJ Brown go from We didn't understand that either. Well, that, no, I think Titans made, hold on odd

2 (1h 4m 46s):
Decisions. Hold on. We do understand the AJ Brown thing, the AJ Brown thing, they made the wrong draft pick. It wasn't smart and T Tray. Well they were trying to do exactly what the Vikings did. We have a, we have a wide receiver who wants to get paid that we don't wanna pay him. We want to get a first round pick for him. Reset the clock. The Vikings did it. They picked the right guy. And Justin Jefferson, nobody cares. Trey Way. Stefon Diggs, okay. The Vik, the Titans did it draft trail on Burkes and it's like these idiots, like they, that that's a Misd draft rather than a bad decision in my opinion. But the, the other reason is this, and this is why it's gonna be hard for me to pick any team in the A FC North to be the biggest challengers to Kansas City. None of them are gonna be in a position, the Raven Tour in this pasture to have home field advantage in my opinion.

2 (1h 5m 27s):
Because that division's so tough and they're all gonna be so beat up. It's why I think the a FC South and the Texans or someone, someone else has a cleaner path than a team that's gonna be in the toughest division in football that is gonna try to win smash mouth football games. Like you're saying, the Ravens are gonna try to win. Yeah,

1 (1h 5m 43s):
I think the Ravens are the team that beats you up though. They're the teams that gets beaten up.

2 (1h 5m 47s):
Well they, they seem to be pretty injured by the end of the year. Every year they could run the

1 (1h 5m 51s):
Ball. Now they got Derrick Henry check out our podcast in our Youtube channel. The official ones not the bootleg Youtube channel has been very, I

2 (1h 6m 3s):
Like the captions on the bootleg. Kevin Wild's, eviscerate Nick.

1 (1h 6m 8s):
It's eviscerating title pie looking great and delicious. That's tomorrow, you know, metals time, what

2 (1h 6m 15s):
Steph used to be, where Anthony Edwards is in that graphic. That's sad, but, oh wow. you know, Tyre Max, one of the

1 (1h 6m 21s):
Coolest moves I've seen. Nick thought this was illegal. It was an offensive gold pending.

2 (1h 6m 27s):
I just wanted to check. He looked

1 (1h 6m 28s):
At the wait is illegal in pba.

2 (1h 6m 31s):
I I don't have access to the field

1 (1h 6m 33s):
Now. Check

2 (1h 6m 33s):
It out. I'll make sure I get that. Before the parasite 19 On the ninth bronze medal, Joe, LMB nice fourth quarter struggled throughout the game but made some huge plays in the fourth quarter. All things considered kind of best case scenario for Philly, how the bracket fell. They go on the opposite side is Boston. And I'm not trying to disrespect the Knicks, but if you were to tell him you're gonna play Boston, Milwaukee or the Knicks in round one, probably want to pick the Knicks. Sure. So Joelle gets a bronze silver. Nicholas Batoon speaking of the Olympic games in France. I don't know if he'll be a part of it, but he's French 20 and five should be got him. Yeah, I would think. You think he makes the French

1 (1h 7m 10s):
Watch out for France?

2 (1h 7m 11s):
The, yeah. Well let me tell you this much. I'm gonna watch out for France a little less if an aging Nick platoon is a key part of it and go bear the, oh, that's a long team And I. Think one of the top draft picks. Oh, that's right. And another, okay, fair enough. Gold medal, Kobe White 42, 9 and six. Good for, as the Hawks win their annual 83rd game of the season, also known as the play in game. There is the metal stand from last night in the association.

1 (1h 7m 38s):
Acting Patriots, gm Elliot Wolf says the team is not necessarily locked and drafting the quarterback at three. Hmm. Take a listen.

14 (1h 7m 51s):
We're open to anything. Moving up, moving down. We're open for business in the first round and, and in every round, Elliot,

15 (1h 7m 57s):
Whether you stay at three or move somewhere, do you feel like quarterback has anything? No.

2 (1h 8m 3s):
Yeah, it does though. I don't think it does really. I'm saying it will be Robert Kraft will not give him the title He is, that he's acting GM and he is gonna interview for his job after the draft. Robert Kraft is on the record of I'm staying out of it, but as a fan, I want a quarterback as a fan wants quarterback. So guess what, they're drafting a quarterback. What about your dak theory? No, I, I give a lot of good ideas that teams are foolish and don't take And. so Yeah. I mean they're going to draft a quarterback. Marvin Harrison?

3 (1h 8m 35s):
Yeah. I I don't think you have to. If Jaylen's gone, obviously Caleb will be gone. I might wait and get, get somebody else or move back or

2 (1h 8m 42s):
Something. Okay. I think that would be smart. It's not what they're gonna do. I don't know. I like it Joe. Walt. Woo. My heart's a flutter. Speaker's. Next. We'll see you tomorrow at three.