1 (1s):
The Volume

2 (6s):
The thrill and excitement of March mania is here in Draftking. Sportsbook, one of America's top rated Sportsbook app is giving new customers a shot to turn five bucks into $150 instantly in bonus bet with any college basketball bet North Carolina Listeners don't forget, Draftking Sportsbook is now live in your state. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code Shannon New customers can bet five bucks and get $150 instantly in bonus bets. Only at Draftking Sportsbook with code Shannon. the crown is yours.

3 (38s):
Gambling problem. call one 800 Gambler or in West Virginia. visit one 800 GAMBLER dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill. Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng dot co slash b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

1 (1m 15s):
Fargo, the new virtual assistant from Wells Fargo makes banking faster and easier like this.

4 (1m 20s):
Fargo, what's my checking account? Routing number

1 (1m 23s):
And this

4 (1m 24s):
Fargo turn off my debit card.

1 (1m 26s):
And this

4 (1m 27s):
Fargo, what did I spend on groceries last month?

1 (1m 29s):
And that's just the beginning. Do you Fargo? You can in the Wells Fargo mobile app. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash get Fargo

5 (1m 38s):
Terms and conditions. Apply your mobile carrier's availability and message and data rates may apply. Wells Fargo Bank and a member of DC

6 (1m 44s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports.

7 (1m 50s):
We did, but honestly, I was left with more questions than answers. Tony.

6 (1m 54s):
I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. And

7 (1m 57s):
I'm Michael Costa. comedian from The Daily Show

6 (2m 0s):
Join Us for season two of Choosing sides. F1,

7 (2m 3s):
Our F1 1 0 2,

6 (2m 5s):
If you will. And get all of the answers, all of them.

7 (2m 8s):
Listen to Choosing Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts,

6 (2m 12s):
Or wherever you get your podcasts.

8 (2m 14s):
I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names. And we're on a search to find the greatest games of all time with the players and coaches who lived in them. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of a super Bowl? Or what about the the after parties? We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes dropping weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

2 (2m 52s):
Hello ladies and gentlemen, Thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite number 85 route runner extraordinaire. Bingo. Ring of Fame Honoree. Yeah. Liberty City's own pro bowler All pro. Yeah. All the way from Oregon State. Down to Cincinnati in your living room on Nightcap as co-host. He's Mr. Re. Rosado. Chad. Ochocinco, Johnson.

9 (3m 17s):
Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What? I ain't even, I'm just, tonight. I'm just Ocho because I look, I go down there. Right. You know we got the show. You got something to drink, right? Yep. So, you know, I like to talk. So when I'm talking sometime my mouth and my throat get a little dry and like right now I'm parched and so I go downstairs to the refrigerator. Right? Yep.

2 (3m 36s):
Yep. That's what you did.

9 (3m 37s):
Ain't Hey Unc ain't no water. Ain't no water. So boom. First thing. Who you think drink all the water? Where? Drink all the water. I'm thirsty. And she going out of town, so that means she left town and didn't even put waters back in the refrigerator knowing I gotta do Nightcap. So now I go down. There ain't no water in the refrigerator. So what I'm supposed to do? I'm talking right now and I'm parched.

2 (4m 2s):
You know what, Ocho, I'm glad Real gone. Yeah, because had that been my old lady, And, I go down to the refrigerator. What? Ain't no water there.

9 (4m 10s):
What? I woke

2 (4m 11s):
Her ass up and say, put some water in this refrigerator.

9 (4m 13s):
You would've, you listen. I

2 (4m 14s):
Woke her ass up and said put some water in the refrigerator.

9 (4m 16s):
Right. Hold on. You would've, I listen, she lucky she ain't here 'cause she would've had to go to Publix. She would've had to go to Publix and get, and get some water. Like, you don't, you don't do that. That's like with when you got a car, when you got kids, right? Yeah. And they drink, they drink the soda or they they drink the carton of, of juice or whatever it is. Yeah. With a little swallow.

2 (4m 33s):
Yeah. Ain't backwash up there put back. Ain't up. A backwash

9 (4m 36s):
Ain't come on. Come on. What we doing? What we doing? What we doing? Yeah, you're right. We gonna go. I, I apologize. I just had to get that off my chest because I'm kind of upset. So basically now we beefing

2 (4m 45s):
Real because

9 (4m 46s):
Ain't no water.

2 (4m 46s):
You know how this thing works. Well, Ocho upset at you. I'm upset at you.

9 (4m 52s):
Yeah,

2 (4m 52s):
Man. Now you, you, you know better. Yeah. Now you know he's going to do Nightcap tonight and tomorrow. You know, he needed water in there because he talks and so when he talks, he's parked.

9 (5m 3s):
Thank

2 (5m 3s):
You. And so that's like being in the desert. You know the man was going on a trip and you didn't even pack his favorite tooth. You ain't pack his toothbrush. Yeah. You ain't Lee giving no deodorant or no mouth Watch.

9 (5m 12s):
Hey, no canteen. Nothing.

2 (5m 14s):
Nothing, nothing. So come on, re rel. Yeah. Come on now. I I I'm with you now. Yeah, I'm with you when you're right. But you're wrong in this instance. Re

9 (5m 21s):
Yeah. Shit. I'm

2 (5m 22s):
Sick of your favorite uncle said at you. So Yeah, I'm

9 (5m 24s):
Sick of

2 (5m 24s):
This. Right. You gotta do right by. You gotta do right by Ocho. Sick

9 (5m 27s):
Of this shit. Shit, shit. Got no damn water. I my throat dry.

2 (5m 32s):
But you gonna, you gonna be all we gonna get through it. We gonna get through it. Don't,

9 (5m 35s):
I'ma, I'm gonna swallow my spit. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna swallow my spit

2 (5m 38s):
Ass. I see it, but I ain't surprised by that. Please make sure you hit that. Make sure you hit that like button, please. Make sure you hit that subscribe button. We're 2000 subscribers short. So that's our goal tonight, Ocho. Yeah. Before we end this show, we wanna be at 1.2 million because right now we're at 1,198,000. Okay. Our goal is to end this chat Yeah. With at least 1.2 billion subs. So please make sure you guys go subscribe and like Nightcap with Unc Ocho. And please make sure you guys subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. You can listen to Nightcap through the Club Shesha feed. But we would greatly appreciate it if you signed up and subscribed to the Nightcap podcast feed.

2 (6m 21s):
We appreciate everyone's patient. We're doing our absolute best to expedite all shipments from France. They're coming by air freight and they're coming by normal freight. So please thank you guys for supporting Shea by La Porter. We're only taking pre-orders and we're doing everything we possibly can. Trust me, we're doing everything we possibly can. I forg grow my little share of the profit. That little bit of that little bit of mine saying, nah, make it right, make it right. The customers in this situation, when I, you know, Ocho, when you go to retail, they say the customer's always right, right, right. Situation. They spent their hard-earned money and they're expecting a, a le cliche by La Porter to be in a timely manner. Yes, sir. And unfortunately that wasn't, dude, they don't really care.

2 (7m 4s):
People don't care about the circumstances beyond their control. Right? They want what they want when they want it. Right? And so my job is to make sure that happens in a timely manner. And unfortunately that wasn't able to happen. I'm doing everything I possibly can to correct the wrongs and the arrows of our ways. And so thank you guys for bearing with us. Guys, please make sure you vote for us for the Webby Best Sports podcast. Please go out. Nightcap Best spot, best Sports podcast. Currently, there's only four more days. Thursday the 18th is the last day you can officially vote. And so far, guys, you have us in first place. So let's keep us there. And thank you Ocho before we get started today. Yes sir. I have some things that we need to address you And I need to address.

2 (7m 45s):
Okay. And Russell Wilson right. Is doing his best job to, evidently he heard what you And I said. Sir. Sir, obviously our voices care resonates a lot because we have a large platform. Our subscribers, our followers, they like what we have to say. And so evidently what we said when we talked about what he had said, I think it was was it GQ or Essence? It it was in Essence Magazine, I think it was Essence. Yes, sir. So Russell Wilson said, let's start building each other up. The evolution of the black quarterback in the NFL has been one of the coolest experience in my life to be a part of. Full context is always important, grateful for those before me, those with me and those after me.

2 (8m 27s):
Right. God is good. So what he did is that before Russell, will he, this is the author. Now, what he did, he highlighted, this is not what he said, he highlighted right. What the author said. This is what, this is what the author said before Wilson Burst onto the scene, signal callers of color, Doug Williams, Warren Moon, Randall Cunningham, and Michael Vick all dominated the field at one point a fact that Wilson recognized and respect I I think I think about those guys before me. He says that's not what he said. He's just regurgitating what the officer said. Okay. Here. Okay. Okay. But what I, but, but I tell you what you do now, where re come home, you say, REL I love you, but, and see what happens.

2 (9m 13s):
Yeah. Now this is what he said, he says, but when I came into the league, there were only a few of us. It was Cam Newton, Robert, Griff, iii, Colin Kaepernick, myself, and a couple of others. By the end of the second year in the NFL, Wilson had Lift held up the Lombardi becoming just a second black quarterback to do so while win became unforgettable personal accomplishment. And also Mark a shift in the position. Right. For me to be able to go back to back Super Bowls when one of them, I think it opened a lot of doors, he says, now you see guys like Patrick Mahomes, huh? Didn't highlight, he didn't highlight that part. Now see, but see, you know, Ocho, he didn't highlight Right. Or me to be able to go back to back and win one of them win. I think it opened a lot of doors.

2 (9m 53s):
That's not what he highlighted. Right. I knew you to highlight what you said. Not what, I can't highlight what Ocho said. Oh, this WB Right. That's what Ocho said. Shannon, what did you say? You can't highlight what I said. What did you say? Oh man, you know what? Hey, I, you ain't gonna talk about all the receivers that came before Ocho. Like when I came into Lee, wasn't nobody really running no route, but like me, maybe Jimmy Smith. So you gonna forget about Sterling s Sharpe, you forget All Flipper Anderson, Aaron Cox, you gonna forget about all the other guys that were route runners and just highlight your era. Right? So in other words, and this, this is what irks me a lot about this generation.

2 (10m 37s):
Yes, sir. If it didn't happen, if they didn't see it, it didn't happen. Right. If it did, it's not on the internet where you could just go, it didn't happen. And so the emergency quarterbacks like Mahome, Jaylen Hurst, Lamar Jackson, and CJ Stroud to name a few, is indicative of a new era of football in a glimpse of what the sports is trending. So he heard what he heard what we said. Right, right. Obviously. Right. I'm glad if he, he didn't hear it. And that's the thing, if he didn't hear it, somebody that he that's close to him did hear it. I, look, I'm happy that more people that of color getting an opportunity to play that position.

2 (11m 19s):
Yes, sir. Because before they were getting transferred, they were play going, moving the running back. Well, wide receiver. Yeah. Or they were playing db they were of safe, they weren't getting opportunities. No matter how accomplished Warren Moon had to go to the gray, had to go to the Canada, Canada, CFL, CFA Canada, he had to go to the Canadian League after he won the Rose Bowl after Warren was a prototypical drop back quarterback, he had to go win five grade cups. Right. And come back. So that's all we're saying, Russ, we're not saying, but we don't want you to minimize the importance of the guys that came before

9 (12m 3s):
You. It came. Right. Yeah. You know, I don't, I don't, obviously context always matters. Anytime anything is being said, anytime anything is being written context always matters. I, I've talked to Russ multiple times, really not on this situation here, but in general, just about obviously me being on the other side of the fence, being a part of media, trying to balance, being able to be critical. Me trying to balance being able to, being able to analyze players without it being disrespectful and talking and talking to Russ, talking in person. Not over the phone. Right. In person. Yeah. What he said was, is we as those that have already played the game, already played the game we have to, it, it's in for us to do, do justice, to stop tearing our black kings down in general and kind of somewhat in the narratives at times on some of the things that we say.

9 (12m 54s):
He also said the fact that he respects those that have played the game that came before him. The players that have the voices like we do, we're very impactful when we talk about the game. Because we played it, not only did we play it, we played it at a very high level. And our voices matter because they're very powerful. Yeah. We got a lot of reach. You got a, you got, you got a lot of reach. And I think more so on that end, I think he's kind of sick of the narratives in general. You never hear Russell Wilson fire back. You know that. Right? You notice that this is one of the few times he's actually came out and spoke about what, obviously with me and you had to talk about And I think he's just sick of the narratives. And I think this is we gonna see a different Russell Wilson. Now this is what I think from this, from this point on. Because Russell never says anything when anyone says anything about him.

9 (13m 36s):
So the fact that the fact that he came out and said something, I think we gonna get, we gonna see a more boisterous, a more opinionated Russell Wilson. So when people say anything about him, I think he's gonna fire back and kind of set the record straight.

2 (13m 49s):
Well, I, I think for me, oh look, I do the best job I possibly can because I really never try. I don't, I don't think I have. Only once. I think one time I I, I have attacked somebody and all my years of doing this, sir, this is going on probably almost two decades that I've attacked someone personally. Right. And if I ever see him, I, I, I'll apologize. There's no sense in, in going, getting into that now, sir. Even though he continuously attacks me. But that's not the here nor dare for me. Ocho And I. Think the thing that people that have heard me, they know I'm not parsimonious when I comes to with my criticism.

9 (14m 34s):
That's a good word right there, baby. I like that one. Parsimonious. I gotta write that down.

2 (14m 38s):
So in other words, people have heard me criticize Aaron Rogers, Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, just as much as I've criticized the Dak Prescott Patrick Mahomes. I just, because

9 (14m 53s):
Yes sir,

2 (14m 54s):
You are accomplished that I'm gonna say two part, two parts. Yes sir. Just because you are an accomplished, you won multiple MVPs, multiple Super Bowls. Yes

9 (15m 3s):
Sir.

2 (15m 3s):
You're not beyond reproach. Yes. Just because you're black and I'm black, that doesn't mean you're beyond reproach. Now, I'm not gonna attack you as a man, but I think I I I think I can attack your play on the field. Yes, sir. And this, I thought Russ was being dismissive of the guys that came before him.

9 (15m 29s):
Okay. Okay.

2 (15m 30s):
Okay. That's what, that's what I would say. I was like, but Russ, you do realize that Marlon Briscoe was a scrambling quarterback before Doug Williams before, you probably don't even know who he is. The first black quarterback to start opening day for the Broncos. There was James, there was Shaq Harris that also from Grambling State that played under Coach Rob before Doug Randall. There were so many guys. Dante Holper was, was a mobile quarterback. but it seems like he was, he was very fine to fit his era. Cam rrg three, you know, co ka. Because if I'm not mistaken, KA came out the same year He did, might have came out the same year he did.

2 (16m 11s):
Right. If I'm not mistaken. So that's where I am. I, I don't know, I don't know Russ personally. I've met him a few times. He was great to me. Yeah. I was great to him. A great dude. I don't know. Russ off the field. I'm not in his life.

9 (16m 25s):
Good dude. Real good

2 (16m 26s):
Dude. But all I but this notion that every time that somebody's, like if you, if we were attacking him personally, we said we don't like what he's doing. We don't like that he putting everything on social media. We don't think this or he's that. He's this. Now we're attacking him personally. Yes, sir. I don't think you or I have ever done that. I know I haven't. No. I spoke to something that was brought to my attention. Right. Everybody called me a lie after it was reported as facts that he did have an office. He did have a special interest. He did have extra. Well, why'd you have to bring it up because you hold up. I thought context matters.

9 (17m 6s):
Yes, sir.

2 (17m 7s):
So when does context matter though, Joe,

9 (17m 10s):
You right, you right

2 (17m 11s):
Now. I could have went, I could have went deeper. Nah, but then I would, I felt personally. Now I'm piling on. Now I'm adding some whatever transpired. Leave it there.

9 (17m 23s):
Yes, sir.

2 (17m 25s):
But they, the one thing fans know about me when I speak to something in Denver, I speak to something in Baltimore, you best believe take it to the bank.

9 (17m 36s):
Yep.

2 (17m 38s):
If I tell you grass will turn the cheese Ocho, tell 'em what you going to do. You gonna quit every job you got. Take every dime out the bank you got and start hustling crackers.

9 (17m 48s):
Yes sir.

2 (17m 49s):
Because it's, my word is better than Bitcoin when I talk to you about those two franchises.

9 (17m 54s):
Right.

2 (17m 55s):
So I wish Nightcap wish Russ the best. Yeah. Hopefully he gets back to being the Russell Wilson that we knew we loved when he within Seattle. Yeah. I hope that's what he can return to. And I pray. That's what he returns to. That's what, that's what he said. 'cause I still think he has good football in him. I think his heart really didn't want to leave Seattle. But sometimes you have to, you have to go. And the thing, it didn't work out the way he envisioned. I don't think anybody envisioned that it would be only a two year stint in Denver. But I think Russ has good football left in him, great football.

2 (18m 37s):
And I wish him the best in Pittsburgh. Except when they play the Ravens. And if they play the Broncos,

9 (18m 42s):
Well listen, he's gonna be fine. Again, context matters where you're going. You're going to a great organization, a winning organization, a great head coach. One that's got your back no matter what. Come hell or high water. Yes. Mike Tomlin is going to have his back. Another thing that matters, a quarterback going to a new situation supporting cast. Yes. What am I surrounded with? I'm surrounded by good running back play. And you're surrounded by good catches of the ball. Even if they are young, who knows what they're gonna do in the draft. Who knows. They're going to bring pieces in there to make your job easy winning organization.

9 (19m 26s):
All Russell Wilson has to do is go in there and be Russ. Yes. That's it. And he gonna be fine. Except when he play the goddamn Bengals. That's it. Except when you play the Bengals.

2 (19m 37s):
Yeah. And it's not that we rooting against Well, we are, we rooting against you Russ. We don't want you to play bad. I Finn didn't say tell you that lie. Yeah. Well, I hope Russ have a good game. Yeah. As long as the Steelers lose. No, I don't. Yeah. No, no I don't. Right.

9 (19m 51s):
Right. I mean,

2 (19m 52s):
'cause if he have a good game, just that greatly goes to helping the Steelers win that game. And, I don't want that. I want the Ravens to beat the brakes off of twice. And if they play the Broncos, I want the Broncos to win. Yeah.

9 (20m 2s):
What I'm saying

2 (20m 3s):
Now, if it was a former teammate, right? Oh, I want you to have a good game. Oh yeah. Okay. Just not win the game. Right?

9 (20m 8s):
Yeah. I I, I want, I wanted to have a good game, but I don't want, I don't want be the Bengals. I'm, and you know, Russ might be wa Russ might be watching Russ, might be watching Russ. You know how I feel about your boy, I love you. I love you to death. I love you Gonna have a, I'm telling you, you gonna have a good year. I'm telling you. But when you play the Bengals, you can have a great game. As long as the result of the game is the Bengals winning. That's all that matter. That's all I can, that's all

2 (20m 31s):
That matters. So

9 (20m 31s):
That's all that matter.

2 (20m 33s):
Continue success. So Russ, hopefully I cleared up what my thinking was. Why I said what I said. I understand you have more than a right to refute anything that was said by me or or Ocho on this podcast. That's well within your right. But we wish you the best moving forward. Yes sir. And hey, it didn't work out in Denver, but hopefully it works out three times better than what it did in Denver and Pittsburgh. Because Steelers was my favorite team when I was growing up. Unfortunately that had to change once I got drafted. They were no longer my favorite team. And playing in that division with the Ravens, we hated the Steelers. and we still do some things.

2 (21m 13s):
Some things never change. Never,

11 (21m 14s):
Never change.

12 (21m 17s):
Only 4% of universities in the US are R one research institutions and Temple University is one of them. This means 100% of students have the opportunity to participate in hands-on learning and research with World-class faculty. With over 600 academic programs across 17 schools and colleges, Philadelphia's largest public university provides students with a rich variety of opportunities and propels graduates to succeed in their careers. Temple University schedule a campus tour today at admissions.temple.edu/visit.

14 (21m 50s):
If you love sports and true crime, then there's a new podcast from executive producer Dan Patrick and hosted by me Jay Harris, that you won't want to miss playing Dirty Sports Scandals Each week, I'm squeezing the juiciest details from some of the biggest sports scandals ever. I'm talking Marcus Dixon, Olympic Gymnastics, Kane Velazquez salacious super Bowl level scandals. Join me on the dark side of sports by listening to playing Dirty Sports scandals on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

15 (22m 24s):
What's up everybody? This is Stephen A Smith. When I'm not at my day job first take, you can find me in my studio hosting The Stephen A Smith Show podcast. Tune in every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at the very least, as I bring you all new episodes that featured the biggest headlines in the world of sports pop culture, business, and politics. You'll hear my unfiltered opinions on those nauseating cowboy fans, the chaos in Washington DC and trending topics on social media, as well as my straight shooter interviews with top celebrities and game changers, And I occasionally give out love advice.

15 (23m 6s):
Yes, it's true. If you wanna know my true feelings about something, I'll give it to you straight. So listen to The Stephen, A Smith Show podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

2 (23m 25s):
Ocho is time for our first segment of the night, and it's called a News Cap

11 (23m 30s):
News Cap.

2 (23m 38s):
Joe Burrow breaks down past success against the Chiefs and says, I think we're built to beat them. Joe Burrow is three in one all time against Kansas City. Yeah. Appearing on New Height, new Heights podcast Live. Burrow said, I think we match up pretty well with them. I think we're beat to build. I think we're built to beat them. I always appreciate legendary battles. We have guys go out there always making plays. Patrick is always out there making plays. Both teams have big time offensive lines and a great matchup. One of the biggest question marks this offseason what's gonna happen with t Higgins? Yeah. They have franchised him. He wants that long, long-term deal. This is what T Higgins says. He says he anticipates playing for the Bengals in 2024.

2 (24m 19s):
He told reporters that his youth football camp Sunday, Higgins is who's entering in his fifth year in the league, has requested a trade earlier this offseason after Cincinnati placed the franchise tag him. I don't appreciate it. I've grown to grown, I've grown a love for Cincinnati, And I didn't think I would. I'm looking forward to it. Higgins is four sports in his draft class with thirty six hundred and eighty four receiving yards. Three players ahead of him, Justin Jefferson, cd, lamb, and Brandon IU also have yet to receive contract extensions. Okay, let's talk about what Joe Kool said. Yeah. The facts,

9 (24m 52s):
Joe. The facts. Yeah.

2 (24m 54s):
He's, he's three and one against Kansas City. He says he believes they're built to beat them.

9 (25m 1s):
They, they are, they are. I mean, what he said is factual. I think when it comes to the quarterback play, obviously when, when you, when it's come to the quarterback, play the accolades, people will always put Mahomes ahead of him because there's the Super Bowls in the playoff wins. But we are three in one against him from a team perspective offensively, we are built to beat them. Why? Because we have a special quarterback in our ourself over in Cincinnati. One that can match up toe to toe with Patrick Mahomes. One that taking care of the ball also and crunch time when it matters most. And it, it's, it's two minutes on the clock and you know you need a score. Yes. We also have a quarterback on our end that can go get it done, that can go get it done and make the right throws at the right time and not turn the ball over defensively.

9 (25m 51s):
Our defensive coordinator also, which is why the maturation of why we play so well against the Chiefs. Also, we, we've always had the supporting cast. We've always had the personnel that matches up well against him. Sometimes it's like that. There's always a team that has your number, right? No matter what you do, you don't see 'em that often until you get to the playoffs. But for some reason, when it comes to that chess match, you always have the pieces that fit very well. And it's always a good game when you face that team. Now again, the Chiefs have always, even though we're three in one, the Chiefs have the Super Bowls, they have the accolades, they got the Lombardi's. But we just haven't got over that hump. If we get a healthy juror Bowl, if we get a Healthy Joe Burrow this year, it's gonna get scary.

9 (26m 36s):
Come play off time. We already know what's gonna happen in the regular season. What we do need to fix in Cincinnati is we need to fix the slow start. We have a problem having a slow start and then picking up as the season goes. If we can get a jump on the competition and come out the gate, if we can come out the gate hot and then after, after, after goddamn Thanksgiving and just go on cruise control and just play good football, I think we gonna be good. I just don't like the fact that we start so slow. We'll start o and two, we'll start o and three and gotta crawl and fight our way back in contention. So y be if if we get a healthy Joe Burrow, you already know what's gonna happen. The ASC is a wrap.

2 (27m 15s):
Oh, Joe, think about it. It you keep saying if, if, if, if, if,

9 (27m 19s):
If, if, if, if, if, if he's healthy, listen, this, this is a game. Injuries happen, it's part of the game. But when you lose a quarterback of that magnitude, who I consider to be the second best, first best, it depends on who you ask. I put

2 (27m 31s):
First. It aint, he ain't no first best. And you can ask anybody, you can ask Cincinnati

9 (27m 34s):
First. All right. All right, all right. I, I knew you. I know you gonna get, I know you gonna get a little passionate about

2 (27m 38s):
You talk about your And I

9 (27m 39s):
Know. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. That's my team though. You see what Jersey I got on, right? Yeah,

2 (27m 43s):
I understand that. Okay. Okay. But even, you know,

9 (27m 45s):
Yeah. Okay. Alright. Second best.

2 (27m 48s):
Okay.

9 (27m 49s):
You wanna argue? You wanna argue the fact? No. Okay, cool. Sec. Second, second best. Okay. But even, even still, that's good when the other, when they're 31 other quarterbacks in the league.

2 (27m 57s):
But let ask you this, Joe,

9 (27m 58s):
Even if we get, if Joe is healthy, it's up and stuck.

2 (28m 2s):
Lemme ask you a question. It's up and stuck. You're beat the bill. You're built to beat Kansas City and the bills. So what hap what happens when you don't play Kansas City in the first eight weeks of the season and you go down three, five like you normally do. Then what

9 (28m 15s):
We fight, we, we fight clawback. We,

2 (28m 19s):
We fight You make it a lot. You, you're making it a lot more difficult on yourself.

9 (28m 22s):
Difficult E Exactly. Exactly.

2 (28m 24s):
So instead of having all these games on the road, maybe you get somebody, maybe Buffalo. Now you've gone to Buffalo and beaten them. Beat beat 'em. You've even gone to Kansas City. Beat 'em. But you make you, you make your job a little easier,

9 (28m 36s):
Difficult Right.

2 (28m 38s):
As opposed to like getting these games at home. You don't have to travel. Right. you get to, you know, sleep in your own bed, things of that nature. But the injuries is the biggest concern, right? Because he's been injured more times. He's not finished receiving more times than he has finished. Yes, sir.

9 (28m 54s):
Yes, sir. I mean, that, that's, you know what, it's unfortunate. It's unfortunate. But if anything, to me, I like to say this would be the year he stays in injury free. I, I just think it is. And if you're gonna get hurt, let's get hurt early in your career as opposed to on the back end or opposed to in the middle.

2 (29m 15s):
Nah. Hey, if I done got me by five or six, if got me by three or four super Bowl, I start getting hurt. And I could break down. 'cause I could walk away. Right.

9 (29m 23s):
You don't wanna

2 (29m 23s):
Me, you don't wanna be in a situation like Andrew Luck. See, it's a lot easier to walk away from the game when you Tom Brady, right. Or Peyton Manny. Right, because here I am in year 21, 22 Peyton, year 18. Yeah. Oh man, look it, I got all the Mbps, I've gotten Super Bowls, I've got all the accolades. But look at a guy like Andrew Love. He has to walk away after what, five, six years?

9 (29m 44s):
Yeah. He, he got beat, he got beat up bad. Yes, he got beat up. He, he got beat up bad. But in, in Joe Burrow's case, his injuries had nothing to do with the punishment he was taking behind center. You know, the, the calf? Yeah. The wrist. I'm not sure. One time

2 (29m 59s):
Yelled, he got sacked in the pocket. He got tweaked a certain way. Oh yeah, yeah,

9 (30m 2s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

2 (30m 3s):
But the thumb, did he hit his thumb on somebody's head? Because didn't he break a,

9 (30m 7s):
I I'm, I'm not sure it was his wrist that was bothering him.

2 (30m 9s):
It was his, it was his wrist. It was his wrist. Because threw that was,

9 (30m 12s):
I'm not And, I'm not sure. Yeah. I'm not sure how it happened. Right. But 1, 1, 1 week they saw him wearing a brace, you know, and then Yeah. Played in the game. He, he, he threw And. I. I don't, I don't know what happened, but again, I think he's, he's healthy now. He's gonna be all right. Yeah, I'm sure. I, they might be in the offseason program now. So they, I mean they, they gonna be fine. I I would, I would hope, I hope they get something done with Tee Higgins. 'cause he's deserving. He's de he's deserving. He's deserving. So

2 (30m 41s):
What you gonna do, whatcha gonna do with, with Jefferson? I mean with a chase. With

9 (30m 46s):
Chase. I, I know. I know. I I I know.

2 (30m 49s):
Have you ever been on a team? Have you ever been on a team? Have you ever seen a team pay? Two number ones?

9 (30m 56s):
Nah.

2 (30m 56s):
Especially in today's market, right? Where today's market is what it is. Right. 'cause Jefferson is gonna, Jefferson, first of all, I keep saying Jefferson. Chase. Chase. Yeah. Because there's three of them. It's j it's a C, C Lamb

9 (31m 8s):
And Jess and, and just Justin.

2 (31m 10s):
Everybody just wants the first one to see the domino fall. Oh

9 (31m 14s):
Yeah.

2 (31m 14s):
Oh yeah. That's what everybody waiting for. Because I believe all the teams really want to do something. But I want you to set the market. Right.

9 (31m 23s):
And so I can overlap. So I can overlap. Because

2 (31m 25s):
We all in the subdivision, we all got 10,000, 15,000 square foot home. Right. We pool, we got theaters. We got a bowling alley. Yeah. We got a eight car garage with 15 bedrooms and 10 baths. We all got the same houses. I just waiting for somebody to put their house on the market so I can see what the, what the bid is. That's what these guys are doing. Ocho. Yeah. No, nobody wanna be first because you already know you gonna be the highest paid receiver for Exactly. One day.

9 (31m 51s):
One day.

2 (31m 55s):
Oh yeah. But

9 (31m 56s):
Listen man, TT may maybe in the draft, maybe in the draft, obviously T Higgins said all the right things today. Yes. He said all the right things at his camp. Yes. You know, obviously he requested a trade. We all know that he is deserving of what it is he wants. His play has been magnificent. One of the few teams where I think we were fortunate enough to have two number one receivers. This is a very, very, very, very deep draft class at the receiver position. Yeah. I think maybe, I'm not sure what may happen. He might get traded. Maybe the draft, maybe during the draft. You never know. Maybe during the draft. But again, I love TI would love to see him with my Bengals, but also from the business side of things, what he's done for the Bengals organization in that team, in that city.

9 (32m 40s):
What he's done for me, just watching him, you know, from afar when he, even when he is at Clemson to see the maturation and the growth that he's possessed to this point, he's deserving of that money, that big money. Yeah. That kind of money that secures your future where your, your mama straight, you know, when you have kids, your kids' kid straight. Yeah. That, that's all, that's all I'm saying. I would love to see him stay, but I also want him to get what he deserves. Right. Even if it's not in Cincinnati. Yeah.

2 (33m 7s):
And it's probably, it's probably gonna have to be, because I mean, for him to stay. 'cause I don't, I don't see a situation where Chase, because it is different quarterbacks. Quarterbacks give a little discount. They always gonna take who at the quarterback. Yeah. 'cause they're the first guy that gonna come say, you know what, we going to take your salary and we're gonna turn it into a signing bonus. Right. and we gonna put it in portable years down the street, down the road. So they're always willing. Normally nine times outta 10, they'll kick the can down the road for the quarterback. Right. Everybody, all the other positions. So if I'm a wide receiver, especially that first con, first of all, I ain't giving nobody no

9 (33m 43s):
Discount. No, not not the first contract. No, no, no, no.

2 (33m 45s):
Absolutely not.

9 (33m 46s):
No, no, no. Not the first one.

2 (33m 47s):
Absolutely not. No sir. Absolutely not. I wouldn't give 'em none anyway. Because, because, because here's the thing, like Keenan Allen said I had my best year. Y'all want me to take a pay cut? Yeah. So what happens if I don't have my Be Best Year? Oh Joe, you already know they gonna come see me.

9 (34m 4s):
Yeah. You know, you know that. You know that. And you get, you get that knock on the door. You know how you know how to knock Go. But I thought,

2 (34m 9s):
But I, hold on. I thought I signed the contract. Yeah, because that's what they tell you when you want to renegotiate. Which signed. Yeah. You

9 (34m 15s):
Signed, you signed the contract, didn't you? Okay.

2 (34m 17s):
You signed it too. Your name is up under the mine.

9 (34m 20s):
Right.

2 (34m 21s):
But so now all of a sudden now it's, it's not Well, you know, we gotta do what's in the best into the team.

9 (34m 28s):
A team. Well

2 (34m 29s):
You know what, I need all my money 'cause I got need to do what's in the best interest of the Chase family. Yes sir. And that's my mom, my grandma, granddad, all the fam. That's my team. I need to do what's in the best interest of them. Right. So hopefully guys do a better job of understanding that. Because you know what? Baseball players don't really give no deals. You notice that.

9 (34m 48s):
Oh no.

2 (34m 49s):
And they get guaranteed money show Hail Tony 700 million. Yeah. He gonna get all 700 million

9 (34m 57s):
Every dollar.

2 (34m 58s):
And they got, and they got Mooky vest on the, on the payroll at 365 million Real deal deal. They got Prima old Freddy from, from, he from California. But he was a brave. He's on the payroll for Buck 60 bucks. 70. Yeah. Yeah. And they got so many, they got the, the other Japanese pitcher that they just came over, just paid him a boatload of money. Yeah.

9 (35m 18s):
Hey, you know what I already thought about what?

2 (35m 20s):
Well, where

9 (35m 20s):
All they god damn money come from, man, when it come to baseball now

2 (35m 24s):
They get, they the same place. They got it in football. So if baseball on, hold on, hold

9 (35m 31s):
On, hold on. Now half the time, them stadiums don't even be filled up. So I'm trying to understand where that kind of money coming from when it come to baseball.

2 (35m 39s):
They got it in football. But you see what baseball players did when they shut it down? There was no playoffs. There was no World Series. Right. They was willing to set out. Right. And, and, and, and the players association said, look, we're doing, we are gearing up for this day. So for the next several years, we need you to stop. No big purchases.

9 (35m 59s):
Mm.

2 (35m 60s):
No big purchases.

9 (36m 1s):
Right.

2 (36m 2s):
And now we ain't playing punks. But

9 (36m 9s):
You know, you know what it would take to get the NFL players to come together like that? Nothing. It'd be very difficult because I mean, there are a lot of players, you know that Yeah. That when the offseason come, they've already run through really all their money,

2 (36m 24s):
All of it.

9 (36m 25s):
They run, they really run through all their money. And a lot of people in the chat, you really, really don't understand. This is like, they can't wait till it gets in the season for those checks to start rolling in again. Yeah. And the fact that it doesn't matter that you're getting paid twice As, or three or four or five times more as opposed to when we was playing. If you making more, you spending more,

2 (36m 44s):
You're spending more. Yeah, for

9 (36m 45s):
Sure. You're spending more. It, it, it don't change. And sometimes it's goddamn almost like living check to check. Even if you making millions, that shit happens. That's why the percentage of us, when we're done playing within two years, huh? Two years. Once them checks stop rolling in, boy, you ain't got no money left.

2 (37m 3s):
Yeah. I mean, how many, how many big, how many Cuban links you need Ocho. Okay. you get your one, you get your, get your little, little bra. Master your chain. Yeah. You straight. Right? Yeah. Do you need five Cubans?

9 (37m 15s):
Yeah. Hey, listen,

2 (37m 17s):
Do you need, do you need a house in Miami? One in Houston? And plus, you know, you gotta have a, you know you gotta have one. You know, one you, so you don't about right.

9 (37m 26s):
I already know where you at. I already know you, you at I'm I'm what you mean you right. I'm what you mean you right. You got

2 (37m 30s):
A place and they got a G wagon. They got a coloring. They got, you know what, what I'm saying

9 (37m 36s):
You is you can only drive one. You can only drive one. Matter of fact, this is, this is a good scenario and a good case in point. Think about this. Chad, stay with me real quick on this one right here. Think about everybody from Shannon Sharp's era. Now think about all the players from my era. Show me any of the players from my era or Shannon Sharpe's era that are still living the same exact lifestyle as if they're playing the game of football. Think about it. Yeah. Driving all the nice shit. All the big, it's impossible to maintain that lifestyle when checks of that magnitude stop rolling in. Yeah. There's nothing else in this world where you can, you can make 650,000 a week.

2 (38m 18s):
Nothing.

9 (38m 20s):
It's impossible. You could make 250,000 every Monday, 350,000 every, every, it's, it's nothing. It's impossible.

2 (38m 26s):
Every money these guys make these guys making these guys making 3 million a game. Yeah.

9 (38m 32s):
And the funny thing about it is, is you make it 3 million a game and you think, you know what, it's always gonna be like this. So you're spinning unconsciously, Unc, Unc having fun fashion cars going here, trips, you know, you got a bunch, you got, you got a bunch of chicks. So you know, you're tricking off as you tricking off as well.

2 (38m 50s):
You, you bring your homeboy with you. You know they ain't paying for nothing O Joe. Oh,

9 (38m 54s):
They got on Entourages. The entourages. That's a lot of miles of feed. Yeah. Ain't nobody paying for nothing. Well, when you look up, you in year six, when you look up, you are in year eight. Oh God forbid you have an injury. Oh shit, boy, listen, Ojo, Unc that shit go fast boy.

2 (39m 11s):
Whatever you make, whatever, whatever I make.

9 (39m 14s):
Yeah.

2 (39m 16s):
I go and take half of it and put it in

9 (39m 18s):
The bank. Might as well that

2 (39m 19s):
Uncle Sam. Yeah.

9 (39m 21s):
Might as

2 (39m 21s):
Well. I, I kept, I paid my taxes quarterly. I got tired of writing three, $4 million checks at the end of the year. I said, nah, you take this it quarterly. It hurt. It would hurt my pride to see that. Yeah. I like, I gotta pay that much.

9 (39m 32s):
Yeah. I'm like, what the,

2 (39m 34s):
So what I do is that a, whatever I make, I get a hundred thousand, I get 200,000, I guess half a million, two 50 gold or 100 gold. Right. Or 50,000 gold. I set that aside. Now this is what I got towards my expenses because Uncle Sam gotta get, he got exp experie. I gotta pay I Uncle Sam, he got a big old house. Yeah. Yeah. He got a big old house in, in DC the big one. And then he got another building. I think they called it the capital. And then they got the Pentagon and we got all them beat them stealth bombers and them, you know, them F 16, the Hornets. Yeah.

9 (40m 7s):
I,

2 (40m 8s):
I gotta pay my part and all that.

9 (40m 10s):
Right. Yeah. Most definitely.

2 (40m 11s):
I understand that Also, Ocho, you got an agent.

9 (40m 15s):
Oh, he taking that, taking that 3%,

2 (40m 17s):
He gonna get two to two to 4%.

9 (40m 19s):
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. So you, you know, it's funny, if we had somebody, I think the casual fan, you have to be a player to understand the casual fans see the numbers at the end of the day and think, oh my God, he signed for two 50 or, or 300 or whatever it may be. But when you break down the numbers and actually you get that chopping half what Uncle Sam take, then you factor in your expenses. Yes. Then you think about what goes to your agent. Yeah. Then you think about what you got left over. Oh, it shrinks significantly. It does. Regardless of, regardless of what those numbers said, going across that tick on ESPN, it's a different ball game.

9 (41m 1s):
It's all smoke and mirrors. Yeah. I's about the real, like what you can touch. Yeah. Shit.

2 (41m 7s):
But see, Ocho, the best thing that I did, I was, I switched agents, the agent that I have. Right. He represented John. I remember asking John, I say, John, who's your agent? He told me his name, Marvin Diop. I said, you think he'd be interested in representing me? He's like, I don't know, but here's his number. Gave his number. I called him, had a meeting with him. He says, I'll meet you at the Pro Bowl.

9 (41m 29s):
Right.

2 (41m 30s):
He asked me what did I want in my future. I told him, I said, I wanna live the same lifestyle that I have right now. Yeah. He said, you have any kids? I said, I got three. Now how old? I told him how old they were. He said, do you support anybody outside of your kid? I was like, my mom. I helped my mom out. My mom was still working at the time. I said, my grandmother, my sister at the time, my brother had just had just retired. I say, I take all that responsibility. Right. He says, go home, get me all your financials of how much you actually have. Get me everything that you spend and then I'll get back to you in 30 to 45 days.

9 (42m 12s):
Mm.

2 (42m 14s):
Brought him everything I had. Right. He like, wow. I mean, you don't blow a lot of your money. I don't see boats. I don't see at that time Ocho, I had, you know, had nice cards, but I al al I never, I didn't have a car note. So I had paid him off in cash. Right. No trips. He says, this is what we're gonna do. He says, we're gonna do this, this, this, and this. Right. He says, I want you. He says, anytime you have a a, a, an appearance, he says, I want you to divide it up and put it in an account for each kid college. Mm. So we going to do that every time you go do something, no matter how that's not yours. That's theirs. Okay. Boom. He says, now your contract's gonna come up, you know, Hey, we're gonna talk about this.

2 (42m 59s):
We'll see what the market it is. He said, this is what we're gonna do. He said the first, you know, it's half.

9 (43m 6s):
Yeah.

2 (43m 8s):
But I want you to take whatever you get, whatever we get, I want you to take a third and say, I'm not gonna touch it for 20 years.

9 (43m 15s):
Mm.

2 (43m 18s):
Okay. That was three years. We go to Baltimore because y'all a free agent. I

9 (43m 23s):
A free you joke. You, hey you, you, you know what's coming.

2 (43m 27s):
Seven time pro bowler. Yeah. Four time first team, seven consecutive pro Bowl. I'm on the market.

9 (43m 33s):
Yeah.

2 (43m 36s):
Whatever. We get Shannon. He said, I want you to take a third and put it away for 20 years. You can't touch it for 20 years. I now, hold on, I want y'all think about it now. 20 years. I'm like, well, damn. What if, what if something unforeseen, you know, happened, brother, mom, sister, Shannon, Shannon, I want you to put a third for 20 years. Man, Ocho. You know. So I went earlier this year, And I talk. And I was talking to him and he said, I need, you know, gimme your financials. I brought him all the financials.

2 (44m 19s):
Ocho. You know what he told me?

9 (44m 23s):
Huh?

2 (44m 24s):
He said, go buy yourself something. I said that

9 (44m 28s):
20 years and you ain't touch it.

2 (44m 30s):
Ain't touch

9 (44m 31s):
It. You already ain't. I already, I I already know what it's looking like. You ain't got tell me man, please. You ain't gotta you ain't gotta tell me

2 (44m 38s):
Ocho. So that's why, that's why when, when Un Fox did what they did, OSHA was straight.

9 (44m 47s):
Yeah. Always. Now, now. Plus they, plus they had to do the payout. The payout.

2 (44m 52s):
Hey, but old Steve a came by with his old light bulb. He said, Hey, yeah, I heard somebody over here need a little s sister. Yes, sir. I, yeah. You know, I had a little, you know, little car broke down right side the road. Said, come on. OO old triples.

9 (45m 5s):
Yeah. So

2 (45m 9s):
Now, so now I'm thinking, okay, I've got the kids and the grandkids.

9 (45m 16s):
Right.

2 (45m 18s):
I'm trying to get my grandson kid and his kid.

9 (45m 22s):
Right.

2 (45m 24s):
Straight. But there wasn't no fancy, it wasn't no going on No this and no extravagant stuff like that. No. Yeah. My sister, Hey, Shannon, get me a I don't need No. You know, I, you know what I did Ocho, I, I got my sister. I bought a, she told me she wanted a limited, this why, you know, the Southern, you know, they don't speak correctly. Right,

9 (45m 49s):
Right.

2 (45m 51s):
I heard Expedition, she said limited edition.

9 (45m 55s):
Right.

2 (45m 59s):
So at that time, the Expeditions had just came out. I said, so I told her, I said, Libby, I got your expedition. She said, Shannon, what is that? I said, I wanted a limited edition. Right. She wanted an explorer, but she wanted a limited edition

9 (46m 13s):
Explorer. Right.

2 (46m 14s):
I heard Expedition. So I done went to the, I done went to the dealership and Got it. John actually, Elway had a car dealership. Right, right. I done went to the dealership and got it

9 (46m 24s):
The wrong thing.

2 (46m 25s):
I done got the wrong thing. She's like, Shannon, I don't want that. But just so happened the dealership in my hometown, they had one on the lot.

9 (46m 33s):
Right. So you just traded, you traded it back.

2 (46m 35s):
Nah, she like, Uhuh. I want it, I want it, I want it. Yeah, I bet you do want it. I bet you do want it. So, but, but that was the, that was the thing. And so, and that Ocho, see I'm just, why? It's like I've always been a provider. And, I understand that I'm the baby of the group and I'm, yes sir. You know, but I'm the, I take over, I took over everything. Right. Because once my brother left, now I got all the responsibility. So that's my thinking. That's why family, I put family above everything. Yes, sir. And, I don't play about my family. My fa So when something, if something bother my family, it bothers me. It

9 (47m 13s):
Bothers you. Right.

2 (47m 14s):
Because I'm, I'm close like that. And I gave my grandmother on a death bed. I got this. Yeah. And when I say, I got it,

9 (47m 21s):
You got it.

2 (47m 23s):
Hey my brother, Hey, go to bed. Rest easy. You ain't never gotta worry about money living. Go to bed, sleep easy. You ain't never gotta worry about money. Hey guys, I wanna say this. My, my sister had the surgery. Both of her hips repaired. She's already home. She's walking. She competitive. She just trying to beat me because I was, I was walking unassisted. The second time is six days Right. With a repair hip. So she's trying to beat me. She done walked up and down the hall and she all around and everything. My cousin called me and said, I asked her how she would do it. She said, what? I got there this morning. Le was already set up. She was already done giving herself a Oh,

9 (47m 56s):
That's good. That good. I

2 (47m 57s):
Said, you see that helpful? Good. She's just trying to beat me. She make me sick.

9 (48m 0s):
That's good. That's

2 (48m 1s):
Good. But that's, that's how am Ocho. So I, I saved and people like, well man, you bro, to what I make, to what I spend, the ratio is not even close.

9 (48m 12s):
Yeah. Oh, I,

2 (48m 13s):
It's not even close.

9 (48m 14s):
And, you know, mine, mine worse than yours, but mine, mine is, mine is always, it's always been like that. You know, that it's, it's a, it's a discipline that you learn very early. Yeah. Very early. Matter of fact, because

2 (48m 25s):
We heard the stories Ocho, we, we've seen it. I've seen, I've seen guys that I played with man in this. They, they, they, they they down bad man.

15 (48m 35s):
When

16 (48m 35s):
We made our McDonald's spicy chicken McNuggets, you were praise hands emoji. Then we ran out and you were streaming tears emoji. Now they're back. So you can be grinning face with sweat emoji. Order ahead on the McDonald's app

17 (48m 48s):
And get money mouth face emoji with two orders of crispy irresistible 10 piece McNuggets spicy your classic for just $6. Limited time only prices and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.

14 (49m 8s):
If you love sports and true crime, then there's a new podcast from executive producer Dan Patrick and hosted by me, Jay Harris, that you won't want to miss playing Dirty Sports Scandals Each week, I'm squeezing the juiciest details from some of the biggest sports scandals ever. I'm talking Marcus Dixon, Olympic Gymnastics, Kane Velazquez, salacious super Bowl level scandals. Join me on the dark side of sports by listening to playing Dirty Sports scandals on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

15 (49m 42s):
What's up everybody? This is Stephen A Smith. When I'm not at my day job, first take, you can find me in my studio hosting The Stephen A Smith Show podcast. Tune in every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at the very least, as I bring you all new episode that featured the biggest headlines in the world of sports, pop culture, business and politics. You'll hear my unfiltered opinions on those nauseating cowboy fans. The chaos in Washington DC and trending topics on social media, as well as my straight shooter interviews with top celebrities and game changers, And I, occasionally give out love advice.

15 (50m 25s):
Yes, it's true. If you wanna know my true feelings about something, I'll give it to you straight. So listen to The Stephen A Smith Show podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

9 (50m 43s):
Listen, I think it might've been my first show, might've been my first year. And I went second round, obviously 30. I forgot what pick I went, you know, And I. I think my, my, my signing bonus might've been what? Maybe 1 5, 1 2, something like that. Ooh Lord. Oh, listen. And you know, when you're young now and you

2 (51m 4s):
In Florida, that ain't no state tag. So you got,

9 (51m 6s):
You know, you know, you, yeah. You know, you, I you young, you young now. And so I'm, I'm thinking I'm, I'm having fun. I'm having a good old time. I look up offseason, come, boy, I done ran through all that. Hey Unc, listen to me. Now. I done ran through all that because I wasn't paying attention. And I. I hadn't learned to say no. And Chad, listen, family, y'all stay with me. 'cause I can tell y'all this and I'm gonna tell you where the discipline come from for me. Because it started early after that first year, Unc, the offseason, it came, we got into the middle of the season. We got about, we got about to maybe April. Yeah. Or May.

9 (51m 47s):
I'll never forget I was with Jerome Stanley at the time. But Unc, I had, I had ran out. What? Hmm? You hear me? Lemme take, lemme take my glass off. Because you know I play a lot. Unc. I had ran out, I ain't had nothing left. So I talked to Mr. Stanley. I say Mr. Stanley may not have messed up. No problem. Boom. Dennis Northcut, Cleveland Brown's wide receiver and Chad. If anybody in the chat know Dennis Northcut, I guarantee he'll tell you. Dennis Northcut had to give me 150,000. Might have been year one. Maybe. Maybe. Yeah. He had had to be year one. 'cause I, after that I was on point. Then Dennis North Guard had to give me 150 grand so I can get through the, so I can get through the season.

9 (52m 31s):
Get, get through the offseason, offseason. And when them checks started rolling in, I shot Buddy that money back Unc from that point on. What you talking about cheap? Yeah man, listen, I became so financially conscious of everything I did. Started going to Cliffs. I got that smart car probably in 2004. I treated myself the things that I got. Nice. That was all. If it wasn't the commercial money, it wasn't, if it wasn't TV money and all that stuff I had going on the field. Yeah. I ain't touched no more NFL checks from that point on. When I couldn't make it through a goddamn offseason

2 (53m 7s):
It. Man, listen. So you think about you got one five, you gotta realize I was making 63 my rent at Mill Pa. I was, I made 63,000. My rookie year Mill Pond, the rent was five. Hold on. First of all, you couldn't do like, you know how you gotta do a a a a rent? You gotta do a rent like a year. Yeah. But I told on, see I got, I got the apartment 'cause I couldn't move in boy. And this is how I had, God was looking out for me. Yes sir. My apartment wasn't gonna be ready. So I made the team in August. My apartment wasn't gonna be ready until the 1st of October. I ain't got nowhere to stay.

2 (53m 48s):
First of ain't got, I ain't got Ocho, I ain't got no Ocho. I ain't got no place to go. Right. Man. Unless I go to the, the hotel. Hotel probably about 50 bucks a night. Ocho. Everybody know Melvin Brat you met. Call him Fat Cats. Man. Fat Cat said hey, I got him two, I got him the first two weeks. Right. Hump. You take him the next 10 days. Bobby Humphrey. Yeah. Ricky that you bring it home. Right. So I slept with, I slept with Fat Cat the first two weeks. Yes sir. Then I went to Bobby Humphrey. They dropped me off me mail took, because I ain't got, at that time, I ain't had no car just yet. Right, right. Then I got my car in the process. I'm living with B Hunt then Hunt as a matter of, no I ain't got no car because I'm driving.

2 (54m 32s):
Ricky des Ricky de let me drive. He had a four by four based out. Right. He let me drive, he let me drive his front runner for five weeks. I'm living with teammates. Yeah. So now October, November, December, January, February, March. I gotta get six months. I ain't living there. So I'm paying a thousand dollars for a place I ain't even living. I gotta go back and finish up my degree. Right. I stay in this place called Royal Lowes. Hey. And anybody in Savannah, you know Royal Lowes Ocho a thousand bucks a month. And I got a furnish. It And I got a place to go back to Savannah State.

2 (55m 15s):
So I paid for my own tuition. Yes sir. Now had the president had some of these presidents that's, that I've been dealing with, they probably would've say, well come on back. But I had to pay, I paid no problem. It wasn't no problem. Even though I wasn't making money like that. They just o Ocho. You know NFL people say you been paying professional professionals. This, you make a lot of money. But I wasn't. Right. Had a cell phone. Now, I don't know if you know this Ocho, but people, if y'all know, back in the nineties, they had a Roman charge. Oh yeah. So my phone, my phone was based outta Colorado. I brought the phone back to Georgia. Anytime I power it up, I'm roaming Roman free $4 a minute. And you know your boy big time at Ocho. You know I been a man, I been tired.

2 (55m 57s):
You what? It's your boy. Right, right, right. Well you at, yeah, I'm on my way. Hey bro. Hey man, what's going on? I called my brother. I said, bro, what's going on? He like, I said, man, your boy money jumped buddy. Yeah. He like, what you mean, man? Don't I said, boy, your boy money jumped. I said, man, you know, I said, man, I'm, I'm trying to go back to school, you know, finish up my degree. Yes sir. And you know, he said, well, the first thing I want you to do is turn that damn phone off. Right. Like, all right. you

9 (56m 36s):
Get that roaming off there. Yeah.

2 (56m 37s):
Yeah. Get that ro off. Because the bill was like, the bill was like, oh, I got that bill like 12.

9 (56m 43s):
God damn. Yes. In the,

2 (56m 45s):
In the nineties.

9 (56m 47s):
Shit.

2 (56m 47s):
1200. Now mind you, I'm still paying 500, 5 10. 5 25 at Mill Pond. Right. I'm still paying. I got 1200. I got like a thousand, I think it was like 1,029 at Royal Oaks. And. I had to go to rental center because I ain't got no furniture. So I got rent furniture furnish the whole apartment like 2 50, 300 a month. Right. And, I gotta pay to go back to school. I ain't got no money coming in. Don't you?

9 (57m 13s):
Yeah. Hey, it's D It is D Listen, I don I don't, I don't think, I don't think people understand, man. I don't think people understand. Obviously the money's a little bit different today, but again, the di if the discipline isn't there, Unc, I learned quick. I learned quick Unc. It took me one year. One year of, well five. I finally made it. I went through it. Holy, I'm back at, I'm back at square one. Yeah. And somebody else that had that been, had been playing, got to send me enough just to survive during the offseason. Oh no. Boo boo. I would never be in, I would never ever, ever, ever be in this situation again. Ever. I remember like yesterday, And I tightened up real quick.

9 (57m 55s):
Hey, Dennis, Dennis, Dennis North Cut. If you see this, I know you're gonna see this boy, I appreciate you 'cause it's 'cause of you that got me to get myself together, boy. So never forget it.

2 (58m 6s):
My going into, going into my, going into my second year. My second year getting ready. So now Ocho, I'm a, you know, I first two years I made 63,000. I think I made 63 and then 73 got a 10,000 raise. Right. And so by this time we, I got, hey, I ain't got no contract.

9 (58m 23s):
Right.

2 (58m 24s):
Ain't got no contract. Don you. Mm. I so, but I kept my place year round this time. Right. So I'm playing ain't got no, Hey, I ain't got no money coming in. You know, I'm spending, you know, I'm going to Black College beat. We, you know your boy, you get your boy doing that thing. Oh, oh, oh. Freaknik your boy? Yeah, my brother called me. He said, look here. And this is the first, this is really the only time in all in all my years. Yes sir. My brother has ever cursed at me. The only time ever he picked up the phone, he called me.

2 (59m 6s):
I said, what's up? You know, I mean, what's up bro? Hey, what's up? We good? Yeah. You,

9 (59m 9s):
You, you hype. Huh?

2 (59m 11s):
I could tell by the tone

9 (59m 13s):
Of his voice,

2 (59m 14s):
Of his voice. He wasn't in a joking mood. Oh yeah. I'm like, what's up man? And this is what he said to me, verbatim, I'm not gonna go broke fucking with you.

9 (59m 24s):
Woo woo. And hung up and hung

2 (59m 27s):
The phone up and hung up. That's the only time my brother has ever uttered a curse word at me. Right. The only time, say no more. Yeah. Say no more.

9 (59m 43s):
Hey, because I

2 (59m 45s):
Ocho because I was, I'm thinking man, this I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be. He's like, bro. And you know, later he explain it and say, bro, you don't understand a injury here or something happened there, it's a wrap. Then you not going, you not going to play in the NFL. If, if you were a doctor or a lawyer or had a normal occupation, your career is not going to be as long as theirs. And you needed to understand that.

9 (1h 0m 9s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 0m 10s):
Right. But he was the only one. And my sister would've called me. I said, get outta my face. But that was the only time. And from that moment on,

9 (1h 0m 18s):
You locked

2 (1h 0m 18s):
In. Well, I ain't have no choice because I started having baby then. You know? Yeah.

9 (1h 0m 21s):
Oh. You ain't got no choice. That, that that'll get, that'll get you, that'll get you Right. That'll get you knowing real

2 (1h 0m 26s):
Quick. Ocho, you know the three words I hated.

9 (1h 0m 29s):
Hmm.

2 (1h 0m 30s):
Three words to this day. And I ain't heard 'em since.

9 (1h 0m 34s):
I love you

2 (1h 0m 36s):
Shannon. I'm pregnant. God.

9 (1h 0m 44s):
Woo. God

2 (1h 0m 50s):
Got to be more

9 (1h 0m 51s):
Careful. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, some listen, they, they, they, they were, they were nothing but blessings on the back end. Woo. Nothing but nothing but blessing.

2 (1h 1m 0s):
It did. Because, because here's the thing. Ocho now my homeboy is here. It, my homeboy is Savannah. Right. He hear it. Yeah. He probably ain't gonna make it. You know, they, he ain't gonna make it. Look at that. He thought he was gonna be a first round pick. He going the seventh round. He ain't gonna even make the team. Right. My homeboy just like a kid. He ain't gonna be able to make, he ain't gonna be able to take care of them kids, yada, yada, yada. Man. Ocho, And, I. Remember my grandmother, the only thing she ever said, you make 'em, you take care of 'em now. Mm. That's it. She didn't, she wasn't a I'm disappointed in you because I didn't raise you like that. Right. The only thing she said take care of them kids, boy.

2 (1h 1m 40s):
Yeah. Because you know old people, they don't call you to buy your name. My grandma very call me my name, she called me. Boy, call me son. That's the way they do it inside. Yeah. Say Hey, hey boy, take care of 'em kids. Okay. It got Ocho. It made me focus, but it gave me a, a desire because my desire to succeed now was far greater than your desire to want me to fail. But see, the one thing that I had in my favor that you didn't is that I controlled my success. Yeah. Only thing you could do was wish and hope.

9 (1h 2m 12s):
Right.

2 (1h 2m 13s):
I had it in my hands.

9 (1h 2m 15s):
Yeah. It was yours and lose

2 (1h 2m 17s):
Man, Ocho man, look here. But those man, that, that was, that was, that was, that was a time Ocho that I look back, And I. Think about it. And as we talk about a lot of times financially, we weren't always the most financially responsible people

9 (1h 2m 34s):
Responsible. No. It

2 (1h 2m 35s):
Take a time. Now, sometimes you don't get an opportunity to recover because if you make too great a mistake. Yeah.

9 (1h 2m 41s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 2m 41s):
At this juncture of my life, Ocho, I ain't trying to hit number singles. I ain't trying to hit nothing out the park.

9 (1h 2m 46s):
You can't, you can't. Unless if

2 (1h 2m 48s):
I need to walk, if I need to walk, I long as I get on base.

9 (1h 2m 51s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's this, it is different, man. Financial literacy is so important for us. Not even, it is not even about being an athlete. Just for everybody in general. Understanding the value of a dollar. You know, I had, I had to learn, I learned really quick. It just took one incident. It took one mistake and it tightened and straightened me up really quick. And it's gotten me to the point where I am today. Listen, 11, 12 years moved for the game. And I, obviously I, I'm, I'm very fortunate, you know, because of some of the people surrounded by me, Doug, for one, some other people to where I'm at a point now where I'm making more now and I'm not even playing football. I ain't gotta take no hits. I ain't gotta score no touchdowns, And.

9 (1h 3m 32s):
I'm making more now. And I ain't caught a damn pass in 10 years.

2 (1h 3m 36s):
Thank, thank you

9 (1h 3m 37s):
Man. Listen. You know, but then the, those, those principles And I tho that, that financial discipline is still instilled in me. I have a little, I have a little fun here and there, you know? Yeah, for sure. For the kids, for the bitches. but it is never to the extreme where I have to maintain and keep up a image.

2 (1h 3m 54s):
No,

9 (1h 3m 55s):
Never. N never. I I never get to that point. 'cause I, I, I understand like I don't care what you see going across that screen, across that ticker. Oh no. But that money, that money will jump funny real fast if you, if you moving wrong. My grandma always said a fool and his money sell soon. Part ways.

2 (1h 4m 14s):
They will.

9 (1h 4m 15s):
Every time they'll,

2 (1h 4m 17s):
And then at what point in time, Ocho and like me for cars, Ocho, I done had every car. Ferrari don't do it for me. Yeah. Mercedes, I've had every Rolls Royce, I've had 'em all. So now me just getting a car, hey ain't no, ain't no road that range. you get that thing service every year. Yeah. It's still drive good.

9 (1h 4m 35s):
And you get from point A to point B the exact same. Hello? How about my, my dumb ass, I think it was 20 2009 and maybe 2010. I leased the damn Bugatti for a year. And then I get, I get fined. One year we playing the Philadelphia Eagles in the preseason. I get, I forgot who wore number 55. Caucasian, Caucasian brother. I forgot his name. I got hit across the middle. I'm talking about big hit my, it's preseason. I'm like, well God Lee, I think my helmet went flying. I went to the sideline. And I had my phone on the sideline. And I tweeted, it's okay guys. I'm okay. It was a good hit. I tweeted the NFL found me 25,000.

9 (1h 5m 16s):
And the preseason Unc, I tweeted out the following day. I'm chat, y'all can find this tweet too. I tweeted out the following day, well man, they done took 25,000. That was one of my Bugatti payments that your

2 (1h 5m 30s):
Lives

9 (1h 5m 31s):
Man, Unc. I took that call back about a month later, man, get this, get this, get this.

2 (1h 5m 37s):
Why? But you already locked into the the, you might as well just kept it,

9 (1h 5m 40s):
Man, Unc. I took that car back a month later. By the time we got to goddamn November, we was in the precinct. By the time we gotta November Uhuh, you got baby, you got to go. You gotta go. Mind you, I had did that based off, I, I had had all type of shows in the offseason. So it was coming in like crazy. So I was like, you know what, I'm gonna treat myself and get something I've never had before that not very many people had And I did that. You know, I treated myself a little bit, but it had nothing to with what I, what I had coming in on the field. Right. Never again. I said let me lock back in and get back to the discipline that I had fucking displayed the past six or seven years. but it, I know, I know what it's like to drive it now.

2 (1h 6m 20s):
And then plus Ocho, I hear whatever kind of car you think you can have drive it in Beverly Hills. And when you pull up to the light, I guarantee you gonna see another one look just like if just like different color.

9 (1h 6m 32s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 6m 33s):
Unless you got the space shuttle and they got those. Yeah. So I don't know who you try and impress because drive around here and you gonna see 70 million, a hundred million. Yeah. $200 million mansion. Yeah. You think you're impressing somebody and they tap a button and the whole wall go down into the floor the entire wall. Yeah. So imagine you got whatever size house you got, you press a button and the wall disappears. So you can't impress nobody. So once you realize that, you can't impress nobody out here man. Yeah. Wish I might, I'm gonna drive mine man.

2 (1h 7m 13s):
What you driving a 2012 Range Rover?

9 (1h 7m 16s):
Yeah. A 2005 smart car still three days

2 (1h 7m 20s):
With the real scoffed up. Man. Wait, once you get the s painted, why, why and the ain't hurt nobody. I guess what I'm pull up to the curb again and go scuffle 'em up again. So I'm good. Yeah, but I mean that, that once you realize Ocho, that the people that you try and impress don't care. They don't really care.

9 (1h 7m 42s):
Uhuh.

2 (1h 7m 43s):
I mean if you think about people don't really care about you. No

9 (1h 7m 46s):
It don't. It don't. And I, I, I tell people all the time, I tell players, even the players playing today, I tell 'em all the time. I say, listen, find a way to make yourself a household name. Find yourself a way to make your hou yourself a household name. And you do that by what you do on the field. And you get to a point in your career where your name is bigger than anything you can buy. Your name is bigger than anything you can purchase. So it doesn't matter what you driving. They recognizing who the individual is outside that helmet. Yep. When your name and your visibility is bigger than anything you could purchase or put on and wear, they go your value. Yeah. They go your value right there.

9 (1h 8m 27s):
You don't need the fancy car. You don't need all the motherfucking jewelry because when you out in public, oh shit, they

2 (1h 8m 33s):
Go, they got one, I got a wallet like

9 (1h 8m 37s):
Icho

2 (1h 8m 37s):
Got me a little nail.

9 (1h 8m 38s):
Yeah.

2 (1h 8m 39s):
Got like two bracelet I need, but I need to get my number back. I gotta get my number because you know when my house got broken into, they took my number, you

9 (1h 8m 45s):
Get 80.

2 (1h 8m 46s):
It's not, it, it wasn't you get

9 (1h 8m 47s):
80.

2 (1h 8m 48s):
Yeah. Man, if my brother gave it to me, mm. Send 'em. See the thing is like the watches now, even the watches now Ocho, they don't have the same, they don't have the same value to me.

9 (1h 8m 58s):
They don't hold it. Okay.

2 (1h 8m 59s):
Because Ocho, it was a grind every watch that I got. Yeah. I saw that. Watch And. I was like, I'm I save up and get it

9 (1h 9m 7s):
To get it. Yeah. That's a good feeling too. Huh? The

2 (1h 9m 10s):
Man Ocho. That's, that's a good feeling. What hurts? That's what hurt so bad Ocho is that I saved up to get those watches. Man. I mean man that thing hurt. It wasn't, like I said, it wasn't a, because insurance covered everything. It was that man. I was like, man, I remember seeing that watch. I like, I'm gonna get that. Okay thou 5,000 here say, oh I got an appearance there. Yeah. Did an autograph sign in here, you something there. End up saving. It might take me two years, but I got it. Yeah. And the feeling that when you save up to get something like me Ocho. That's why I don't, that's why I don't really do a whole lot.

9 (1h 9m 46s):
Right.

2 (1h 9m 47s):
Because I got money now to go do it ain't it ain't like it ain't, it don't have the same meaning to me.

9 (1h 9m 52s):
Nah. And you know, you know what's good now you speaking of saving. Right. I myself, we just got, we just got this new place obviously. You see the backtrack, I'm not at the old place no more. Right. I told Rel I give you a year and a half. And I, I'm up outta here. Well I don't know what she gonna be. I know I'm leaving. What? So I got my whole, I got my whole up. Hold on, let me show you real quick. Hold on. I ain't, I ain't bullshitting. Listen, wait. You see this,

2 (1h 10m 24s):
You about to be able to know you about to build a house.

9 (1h 10m 26s):
Well I'm Unc I'm not playing. I'm Unc I'm not playing. I got, I got my flow plans right here. I got my flow plans right here. This is, it's, it's called OSHA's World. Right. I told Rel I say listen, I'm gonna give you a year and a half. We ain't gonna be here no more. I know we just got here. I think we only be here three weeks. I give you a year and a half and we moving. I want, I, I got, I told myself by 2025 I need to be breaking ground in January. Oh. My birthday. I need to be breaking ground on January. It's called Ocho World. Little 12,000, little 12,000 square foot. Little

2 (1h 10m 59s):
12.

9 (1h 10m 60s):
Man. Listen, I got, I got 11 kids man. I got 11 kids. They might be in college. Something. You know everybody damn there. Everybody grown now except for the little three. But I'm finna treat myself for all the hard work and all the saving I've done throughout the years. Right. And then come on the back end and do something I wanna do. Yeah. For the little ones. For the little ones. Just that, just, just as it fun. I will open it up but it, it, it is too big. And I. Yeah. But camera that got damn big. But man, listen, I'm talking about, I've been penny pinch for a very long time just to do something like that.

2 (1h 11m 31s):
Man, nothing wrong with that.

9 (1h 11m 32s):
Do something like that. I'm Oh, I'm, I'm finna get

2 (1h 11m 33s):
It too. You gotta, you gotta reward yourself. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta

9 (1h 11m 37s):
Reward yourself. And I I got and the fact that me and her beefing. So I want to be able to say, you know what, I don't want to talk to you right now. I'm Finn go, I'm finna go on the West Wing.

2 (1h 11m 47s):
I'm,

9 (1h 11m 47s):
I'm finna go on the West Wing. I don't even wanna, I ain't, I ain't trying, I wanna be able to play hide in seat and it take you about an hour to find me.

2 (1h 11m 59s):
Man, you wild Ocho.

9 (1h 12m 0s):
Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm more, I'm more not lit my mouth dry right now. All this time I've been talking 'cause there ain't no water in the refrigerator downstairs.

2 (1h 12m 9s):
But that's what I can't, I can't afford nothing right now. My money, I, you know, I'm penny pension. I'm trying to, I got some, I penny, you know, I, I got, I got some plan. I got a master plan, bro. Oh, you got, you, you got plans? I got some brewing. I got something brewing. No, Joe, I got some brewing.

9 (1h 12m 25s):
I, I, I done, I done gave you my plan. That's my plan right there. So I'm, I'm, I'm locked in. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't spending nothing. You know, chat if y'all see me in the same outfit, you know, for, for two, three weeks, a month, two months now you know why.

2 (1h 12m 40s):
Yeah.

6 (1h 12m 45s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast. we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports.

7 (1h 12m 51s):
We did. but honestly, I was left with more questions than answers. Tony.

6 (1h 12m 54s):
I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. And

7 (1h 12m 58s):
I'm Michael Costa, comedian from The Daily Show

6 (1h 13m 1s):
Join Us for season two of Choosing sides. F1,

7 (1h 13m 4s):
Our F1 1 0 2, if

6 (1h 13m 6s):
You will. And get all of the answers, all of them.

7 (1h 13m 8s):
Listen to Choosing, Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or

6 (1h 13m 13s):
Wherever you get your podcasts.

8 (1h 13m 15s):
I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names. And we're on a search to find the greatest games of all time with the players and coaches who lived in them. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of a super Bowl? Or what about the, the after parties? We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes dropping weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

19 (1h 13m 45s):
MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season

20 (1h 13m 49s):
And so are we.

19 (1h 13m 50s):
I'm Tori

20 (1h 13m 51s):
Diehl And. I'm Anisa Ferrera. The

19 (1h 13m 53s):
Weight is over guys All Stars. Four is finally here.

20 (1h 13m 57s):
And this season takes it to a whole new level. Old school legends, modern power players and ex lovers are all competing in Cape Town South Africa for the prize of $300,000.

19 (1h 14m 9s):
And we're going to be right here along with you fans covering every episode on the

20 (1h 14m 13s):
Podcast. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.