0 (1s):
The Volume

DraftKings (6s):
The thrill and excitement of March mania is here in Draftking. Sportsbook, one of America's top rated Sportsbook app is giving new customers a shot to turn five bucks into $150 instantly in bonus bet with any college basketball bet North Carolina Listeners don't forget, Draftking Sportsbook is now live in your state. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code Shannon New. customers can bet five bucks and get $150 instantly in bonus bets. Only at Draftking Sportsbook with code Shannon. the crown is yours. Gambling problem. call one 800 Gambler or in West Virginia, visit one 800 GAMBLER dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg dot org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill. Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng dot co slash b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

iHeartRadio (1m 14s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast. we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports. We did, but honestly, I was left with more questions than answers. Tony. I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. And I'm Michael Costa. comedian from The Daily Show Join Us for season two of Choosing sides, F1, our F1 1 0 2, If you will. And get all of the answers, all of them. Listen to Choosing Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names, and we're on a search to find the greatest games of all time with the players and coaches who lived in them. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of a super Bowl? Or what about the the after parties? We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes drop in weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season, And so are we. I'm Tori Diehl And. I'm Anisa Ferrera. The Wait is over guys. All Stars four is finally here And this season takes it to a whole new level. Old school legends, modern power players and ex lovers are all competing in Cape Town, South Africa for the prize of $300,000. And we're going to be right here along with you fans covering every episode on the podcast. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.

1 (2m 57s):
Hello. ladies and gentlemen, thanks for staying up late again and joining another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number, zero, Arizona Wildcat Legend Wizard. Great Gil, number zero, hibachi man. Once scored, what? 60 points in some cold, Hans? Yep. Saw it myself. Live in person Gilbert Arenas, please make sure you hit that like button, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Guys, we are nominated for Best Sports Podcast, a Webby Award, so please make sure you go out, we pin the link at the top of the chat, so please make sure you go out and vote for Nightcap.

1 (3m 38s):
Best for the Webby Best Sports podcast, please. Let's keep up the voting. Make sure you guys subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. You can listen to us through the Club Shesha Feed, but we would greatly appreciate it if you signed up and you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed. Thank you guys for selling out Shea by La Portier. We hope to have it back in stock soon. We're taking pre-orders. I have some information for you tomorrow that I'm going to share with you. So I think you guys will like what I have to share. So thank you guys for doing a great job of selling this out and showing the great love and support. Please make sure you like and subscribe to Gil's Arena. That's his YouTube channel.

1 (4m 19s):
And his show airs every Monday through Thursday, live at 11:30 AM Pacific Time. That's Gil's Arena channel on YouTube. His show airs every Monday through Thursday, live at 11:30 AM Pacific time. And you can subscribe in like his personal page. It's called No Chill Gille. That's Gilbert Arena's personal YouTube page and it's called No Chill Gille. Let's go out there and get his subs up. Gille, I hate to break it to you, I think there's only one or two games left, but Nikola Yoki showed, showed up the MVP to die. The Nuggets beat the Chairman Wars one 16 to 1 0 7. Nikola Jokic, 41 points, 11 rebounds, seven assists, three steals on 16 of 20 shooting.

1 (5m 3s):
And he did it against the guy. Many believe will win the defensive player of the year. He made Miss Meat out of it. I if, if I'm Rudy Gobert, I'm sick because every time he goes over get Nicole Yogi Gill, he cooking for 40. Yeah, you, you know, the, the, the thing about that is showing how Rudy plays him, which is he's not guarding him as a man, he's a secondary defender, which means these defense awards you're getting, you're not getting it stopping the guy. That's a problem, right? Yeah. Jokic is, who'd he go get a Anderson from?

1 (5m 45s):
Most of the part Nas Reed and then Rudy's sitting in the back trying to block the shot and alter the shot. You can say you are a great defensive player the year and you can't even actually guard the best player. Like yeah, he had 40 because you wanna sit back there protecting the rim instead of blocking and guarding the guy that is the threat. I think they started out probably with, you know, you know, you try to give 'em a different look. Any great score or guys you try to give 'em a different look. You don't want to give a steady diet of anything. There are very few guys that were at that elite level. You know, back in the day, Rodman would take the best player and he would guard him the entire game. Or you had Jordan would do it for some length for stretches of time.

1 (6m 28s):
LeBron could do it, Kobe could do it. Kawhi, but for the mo. But you know, back then David Robinson, the key Elijah, there wasn't no switching off. There wasn't no Otis Thorp, you take David Robinson for this. No, Akeem had him and he had to neutralize him, plus he needed to go give you his 20, his customary 25 to 30 also. But this is why I believe Wi Yma wi should win defensive player of the year because his defensive player of the year, who's the best defensive player? Not who's on the best defensive team. Because let me ask you this. If I took Wim, if I took Ro Gobert off that team, And, I put in Wim, would they be better or worse?

1 (7m 9s):
And if I put go bear on the the Spurs, would they improve? No. Wimpy is a better defender than Rudy Gobert because you know how I know they have a three on one and ain't nobody want to lay it up. He say you take it. Nah, you go ahead. Hey, hey, as a matter of fact, let's kick it out to the three and then he wouldn't even take the three because he saw headed out that way. So for me, Gil, I think Wendy should be win win defensive player of the year. I don't know if it's ever happened before. A rookie wins defensive player of the year. But there, if there's ever a year where a rookie should win the an award, which such prestige, this is the year it should happen.

1 (7m 50s):
And I, it is this, this, this is his award. I mean it's hands down defensive player, meaning he's guarding the ball. He's helped side, he's definitive. Yeah, he got hit for 70 and six. But he took the challenge. Yeah, he took the challenge to try to guard these guys knowing that you, he couldn't stop Jokic, he couldn't stop and bead those were learning, those were learning games. And he's grown from the first day we seen him to now, yes, he looks like a whole different player. And, I. I, he does me watching this game today. This is the battle of number one. And Rudy, you didn't want to take the challenge?

1 (8m 30s):
Hell no, I don't blame him. Be the, the guy that is the winner. Jokic says, all right, look it, I got the MVP on the line, I'm gonna show you what I'm gonna do. And, I don't, I don't get why, why teams put guards and small forwards on Jokic, but it's just dumb basketball. Yeah. Dumb basket. Gil, I think they look at, and he doesn't have the musculature or of, of a Dwight Howard, or he's not sculpting like an Elijah one to have the caps on his shoulder like a David Robinson. So you just look at him, you are like, man, he just look like a blob. Yeah, I mean he ain't got no definition.

1 (9m 10s):
He ain't got no, the only cuss on him is that when people scratch it, yeah, he probably ain't got no cuss on his knees or anything like that, or, you know, scrapes on his legs or nothing. And so you probably underestimated by just looking at him, but once he gets out on the court at some point in time, you're like, well hell, he moving people, he hits he ducks, he dips in with that shoulder. He's just lodging people from that spot. So clearly he's stronger than he looks. Yeah, you wouldn't put, you wouldn't put a small guy on Zach Randolph when he played, or Mark Saul. Right. Had the same body and the same type of movie. He is skilled, which yes, you are not gonna bait him to throw all of his weight on you.

1 (9m 55s):
No, he, he's just gonna move around. He's just gonna keep moving till you get, and and you're so small compared to him when he does decide to shoot, you're nowhere. Like this is like putting the guard on kd he doesn't down there right. Like the fucking fly. Sorry about the F word. You're a fly in his world. Yeah. Right. And that, and that's, that's just the, the honest truth. Like why are you putting, why are you putting smaller guys on him? You just, you're just feeding him. Yeah. And the thing is, Gil, that he is so good at, and the greats are really good at, he knows the moment you anchor, he spins off it, boom. The moment he feels you, you, you sturdy, you brace yourself.

1 (10m 37s):
Like, oh, you playing for this? And he just, if you notice, he'll just keep like, okay, oh, that's a little harder. Oh, until the basket he go. Yep. And the next thing like, well damn, I thought I had no, and he Gil I, I'll be honest, I don't know if I've ever seen a guy, only Kyrie can match his touch around the basket. No big, I've never seen a big have that kind of touch with either hand around the basket. Zach Randolph, like, like Zach was all left hand. Zach ain. I don't think Zach ever shot anything with him, but it was a, you know, guys like that you remember, was it sweetening? Right. Had a, had a, a nice touch, you know, guys that are not very athletic in their Yes.

1 (11m 22s):
They usually have a great feel around that basket. Right. And he does. That's why you have to keep him away from it. Whiling let, let him try to alter and throw shots up. And I. And he shoots the ball with such, I mean, you ain't blocking that shot. I mean he, he's shooting it from way up here like Larry Bird, but he's seven foot tall. You'd rather have that right? I rather, except, except when he, except when he plays against the Lakers because it doesn't matter where he shoots it from. It's going in clock, winding down. It does not matter. One foot, wrong foot, two feet. It doesn't matter. Gill. You're right, you're right, you're right, you're right about that.

1 (12m 1s):
But I did, I I think, I think tonight he sold it up, the MVP Gill, his last seven games is 41, 11 and seven three still 16 of 20 28, 13 7, 3 stills, 13, 20 19, 14, 11, assists three stills, six of 13 36, 17, 10 assists, 14 of 24, 42, 16, 6 assists two blocks. 18 of 32 26, 18, 16 assists 11 of eighteen, thirty two, ten five, eleven or 24. It's over Gil. No, no, it's, it's when Embiid went down it was over. Yeah, right. It was, it was, it, it it was over.

1 (12m 43s):
It's it's just one of those things where if this was last year or the year before, we wouldn't even be questioning who the ind No, it's his right. Yeah. But the fact that he's probably gotten one or two, that wasn't actually his. So now we you want to try to figure out how not to give it to him. Yeah. Right. And yeah, at this point the milk is spilled. You can't do nothing about it. You can't rob him today. Right. You can't rob him today. You can't penalize him for what you did two years ago and three years. You can't do it. This is, he earned this one. You know what it is, Gil? It's the old said, my grandma said, boy, you can't punish somebody for the sins of their father.

1 (13m 25s):
Yep. Because they get, because because somebody made a mistake or you robbed somebody else. You can't make it right now. Yeah. You can't make it right now. I mean, look, And I understand, man, but like some of the greats ain't I that ain't, that ain't got nothing to do with me. Some of you Right. Some of the greats didn't win three in four years, but un but where we are now and what, and what he's doing, I, I don't, I and I'm not so sure it's gonna be close. I I I really don't, I I don't really think it's gonna be close. I know Luka, Luka has been on an equally impressive tear, but I think that it was, what's helping Yolk is that when Murray went down and Murray had rested that knee and he, he's doing this and because remember he did a lot of this and what was that, the year that Murray was out?

1 (14m 15s):
Yeah. Remember he, he and he put up these numbers, like, oh, he gotta give it to him. Yeah, but it, so, but that's what I'm saying. His team was 10th, they had to 10 the best record, right? Yes. So if he held the Denver up to the 10 best record, right? That's holding, holding him up. Right. But they, they found a way to give it to him. Is he gonna be the worst player on that list? Yeah. But someone has to be it. Right? Someone has to be the worst on that list. Oh, you think he's the worst MVP? I mean, I don't know if there's such a thing, but 3, 4, 3, 3 and four years, I wanna be the, I wanna be the poorest billionaire.

1 (14m 57s):
Yeah. Someone has to be 10. I'd rather be on that list than not on it. Exactly. I, I'd rather be on the list. Like, Hey, hey, hey, so what needs to be 10? I, I'll take it right now. We were talking about defensive player of the year. This is rookie's windy season. He has eight games with at least seven blocks and 70 career games. Rudy Gobert has seven games with at least seven blocks and 754 games. Hmm. He's, he's, he's a better defender. And people are like, what? Oh, but he's seven four, but y'all may seem like Rudy Gobert six two.

1 (15m 39s):
What? What? Damn, he seven. He wasn't Rudy seven two. Yes. Defend is defending, I don't care. I Yes. If you nine feet and then, then somebody can't score. That is called d defending. Now I want to put it out there today when he wins this award as a, as a, as a, as a do not get writer's fatigue and voter's fatigue and vote. Yeah. They might be, if he win 10 in a row, he might be Wayne Gretzky in this defensive award. He should I like it like baseball, like the ba the Golden, the Globe gloves.

1 (16m 21s):
I mean, you know, Griffey Griffey had like a streak of like, what, 10 Barnes won like eight. I bro, if you the best at something key, hey man, nah, you know, he don't want enough of 'em. He don't want five in a row, six in a row. So if he's the best at it, give it to him. NBA at the NBA, we have a problem with that. That's our one problem that we have that we, they get tired of voting for the same person. And you can't, you can't, you, you gotta stop it at some point. You gotta give the people who deserve it, their awards. And you can see that Weby could hold this thing down for a while. Oh yeah, for sure. And but, and then people like, well man, man, look how tall Weby is, WEBY seven four.

1 (17m 4s):
I say, man, y'all talk about that. Y'all talk about Rudy Gobert. Like he mugsy Bowl. Now that mofo he, he's 7 2 7 2 and a half something. So it's not, I mean, we're splitting hairs here. I mean, there been, I mean Draymond what, Draymond 6, 6, 6 7. Yep. He's defensive player of the year. Jordan was six six. Albert Roberton was six four. One of the few men in NBA history ever have a quadruple double. Yeah. Did it with Steels. I mean, for, for, for the most part, big men are usually the ones that win it. You know, you have Shaquille O'Neal, I don't even know if he won 'em. No, Shaq ain't never won. Shaq never won, won one. But you got David Robinson, Hakeem, Elijah won. These are big guys. Yeah. I mean they're just getting bigger now.

1 (17m 46s):
Not his fault. Maybe artist Gilmore won it way back when, but yeah, I I think now Gil with the, but the guards, because remember Gary GP won, Jordan won Alvin Robertson won. Robin was was six eight. He won it twice. Yeah, but it probably, you're probably right because of shot blocking. Yep. Shot blocking, re shop blocking, rebounding. Like, and now guys, and now guys are getting really good with their hands now they're counting deflections. Yep. As, as a, as a defensive stat. And guys are like, well hold on. Damn y'all just adding stuff. Trying to find ways to create categories.

1 (18m 26s):
It's like a, it is like a, it's like a, a, a defensive back. Well he had a seven deflections. Well that mean he didn't catch the ball, you know what I'm saying? I thought he would checked you was to catch the ball, not deflect the ball. So if he deflected, why did he get to steal it? So I get it. But I think this was, this was a great game last night. It was close between the Nuggets and the Timberwolves, but late with probably like the last five minutes, the Nugget Nuggets blew the game wide open and they, they coasted from there. But Jokic had an unbelievable night. 41, 41 11 7 assist three steals on 16 of 20 Mayfield goals. So the Nuggets moved to first in the West and needs to win the last two or one of their last two and have OKC in Minnesota League.

1 (19m 12s):
Lose one of those and they will be the number one seed in the Western conference. I got the Maverick. Go ahead. I kind of got the sense those last five minutes, I kind of got the sense the last five minutes they didn't want to win that game. Who didn't? Minnesota. Why not? Because I, it's just something about, I I, I, everybody's shooting for Pelicans right now. I think everybody wanna play the Pelicans first round. I think every, like that third, that third seed looks amazing right now that that second seed and that first seed, you going to either play flippers Dallas, Lakers, or Suns Ah, oh, I'm sorry.

1 (19m 60s):
That third seed. The the, yeah, gimme them. Yeah. I, I, I think the thing is, well, I know who did wanna win. Debra wanted to win because Yogi said gimme the damn, because he had like four straight possessions where he went right into Rudy Goldberg's chance. Yeah. He said, gimme, gimme the ball. I wanna win. They don't wanna win. Okay, well I'm gonna help y'all not wanna win because I, I'm better take this game over and he, you know, go. Did you say Gil Manhandle Lenny god damn boy.

Choosing Sides: F1 (20m 34s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports. Lily Herman, my co-host in season one. Help me choose a team, a driver, and then Well we sent you on your jolly way. Yeah. I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. I'm Michael Costa comedian daily show correspondent. And we are back with season two because as it turns out, F one's newest fan is still a little Dazed and confused. Join Us for season two of Choosing sides F1. As we dive deeper into the rabbit hole of the pinnacle of motorsports, Who makes money here? What's CFD? How do you manage a tire? you get back in there. What are the rumors? What's the gossip? But you also know that someone's listening to your radio. I'm gonna pull up a picture of a te cozy. I wanna see what this thing looks like. Are you gonna be doing that accent? This whole pot? Listen to season two of Choosing Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, Or wherever you get your podcast, you find it.

Games with Names (21m 33s):
I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names, and we're on the search to find the greatest games of all time. I'm talking Hall of Famers MVPs Gold medalists. I Absolutely hate the Cols bro. This game, I swear, led to the de play Game. Hey guys, this ball's a Little flat. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of a super Bowl? Julian Walking around. I'm pretty sure he had his shirt off for reasons. I'm not sure he was saying, Gotta believe. Oh, you gotta believe from 18 one with Eli, he come built just a cheater. Is that what you're saying? I'm saying right now he is looking for an advantage. The 2004 A LCS with big pop b, it Red sucks in 2004, bounced back after the three and oh winner, the winner. Chicken dinner homie The Immaculate reception with Terry. Brad Shaw fired the ball. I hear the roar Of the crowd. I never thought he caught the ball, but He did. We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes dropping weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

MTV's Official Challenge Podcast  (22m 37s):
MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. And guess what? So are we Just in case you forgot, I'm Tori Diehl. I'm a six time finalist and a challenge champion. And I'm Anisa Ferreira and I've been gracing your screens for the last two decades. I am a veteran challenger and challenge all star. And Speaking of all stars, all Stars Four is finally Here. I'm gonna be honest, I literally thought this day was never going to come. Well, the challenge, gods have answered our prayers and we're going to be right here along with you fans covering every episode on the podcast. And this season takes it to a whole new level. Old school legends, modern power players, redemption seekers and ex lovers are all competing at Cape Town South Africa for the prize of $300,000. Anyone can win. Relationships matter and only one All Star will claim the title of Challenge Champion. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast starting on April elevens on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

1 (23m 44s):
The Mav CA top six seed in the west with a win over the heat and the Clippers or the Mavs are officially facing off in round one. It seems like the Clippers can't get away from Luka. They can't get away from Luka. They about how they try. Few teams have been harder than the Mavericks going into the playoff. The Mavs just won their fifth straight game and have won 16 of the last 18 with Luka averaging almost a triple double this season. 34 points, 9.8 assists. 9.2 rebounds. Kyrie Irving, 25.6, 5.25 rebounds per game shooting 49 and a half. Come on Kai, get that point because he'll be the second guy since Kevin and Ranchi do it twice. 50, 40, 90 mm, 50% from the floor, 40% from the three 90% from the free throw line.

1 (24m 29s):
So he's 0.5 behind that right now. I ain't taking no more threes. Hey, I'ma make sure I make sure I stay there and right now I shoot number layup. Yeah, I'm I'm gonna go about five. Go five or seven. Hey Luka, go ahead, take this thing over. They can't catch you for the score lead but beat, you're right. I watched the, the, the Mavericks tonight and did a do a did a job on on the heat Luka and Kyrie took the game over, had a big lead, they whittled it down and then those guys, Gifford has been a godsend because he's active and so now Luka can do what he does and you got so focused on Luka.

1 (25m 12s):
Next thing you know, Luca's doing this and the man's dunking it backwards. Yeah, lively. Lively. I think Lively might be injured right now. PJ Washington has been, has been great. Great knockdown shots. Decent defender. Get on the boards because look, their problem is never gonna be offense. Their problem is gonna be, their problem is gonna be able stopping people, they go look Luka, look, we know Luka and Kai between the two can give you 60 easy on a nightly basis. Yeah. So that's not, that's not gonna be their issue. They can get hot from three with Hardaway Jr. We know Luka can get hot, Kai can get hot.

1 (25m 52s):
PJ Washington can get hot. So we know they can score. But in a nip tuck ball game, can you get stopped? Clutch time. That's what playoff basketball, a lot of time comes down to last five minutes game within five. Can you get stopped? Well, they playing against the Clippers and Luka owns them. Ah, he look, he, he damn damn near Fony. He, he, I mean last 10 games alone, he's averaged 37 against them. Yeah. For his career against them.

1 (26m 32s):
That means as a rookie also, he's averaging 32 against the Clippers. Right? He lived, do you remember what he did? He Paul George all the remember, oh, can't nobody play defense on the perimeters. Ooh. They might be the best if Scotty and Mike look, say gimme each one of them. Hey, as a matter of fact, Gil, I know you ain't much of a fisherman, but in the size we like, we catch a fish, a small one, we throw em back. Hey, go, go tell your daddy about me. We catch one little big A, we throw it back. Go get your grandpa. So Luka was dusting all of and said, Hey pg, go get me. Go get me Kawhi Pat Bell. Hey, whoever the best defender, tell 'em come see me.

1 (27m 15s):
WWW why 45 and 15? Now they might have won, but he was single handedly giving them work. Now can you imagine the confidence because there's something, there's something to be said like I felt I could do no wrong if I played Kansas City and the Chargers, if I ever played, it didn't matter on the moon, on the sun where it's 10,000 degrees, I was gonna cook they ass. I believe in Luca's mind, that's how he feels about the Clippers. No, no. That, that is how he feels about the Clippers. It's just that's his team. His team is the Clippers and he gives them fits. If, if Clippers want get out of this series, there's only one person you have to even focus on.

1 (28m 0s):
I know they have Kyrie, but this man is Superman when he's playing against you guys, I'm gonna throw a double at him earlier. I'm, I'm gonna let him know we're not playing you one-on-one. Hey fellas, I appreciate all your defense that you've been doing, but he owns y'all, right? He, he owes you like a a like that oj he owns, that's he's blame here, but he owes you. And from there I'm just going double him the whole time. I'm not even gonna let him, I'm not even gonna let him get a rhythm of this game. Even if I lose it, I want him mentally challenged. Right. But if you let him and he gets sturdy and all that we done.

1 (28m 41s):
Yeah. I think it is hard. You know, Gil, I think it's just hard because you try to create a situation where you don't let him play so much. One-on-one, but it's hard and you can't speed him up. He goes on his own rhythm. He's slow motion to begin with. And so even if you speed him up, he's only going to second gear. It's not like you don't ever make him play fast. He like, oh no. Okay, boo. You know, dude, and you know, he's behind his back and between his legs and he's up here and he's up there and then he, he might lay it up from 15 feet. I mean I I he's he's so unique and he is so skilled and his footwork is so good.

1 (29m 23s):
I just, the question is, how healthy is Kauai? Is Kauai Body gonna allow him to play a series? Is PG Body gonna allow him to play a series and will it allow him to play not one, not two, but three series? Not one, not two, not three, but four. If you advance to the NBA finals, is that ca is that possible? Oh no, wait, wait, hold on. You said finals. Yeah, I'm saying you know, they, you know you gotta win 16 games, so that means you're gonna have to go at least four rounds. Oh, I got the Clippers win about five games. Okay. That's it. I I they can get four in round one and then if they get to the second, get one.

1 (30m 5s):
Right. Okay. I don't, I don't, I mean I don't have them going to the Western conference finals. I mean, because they have a Luka and Kyrie that's gonna challenge them and they're gonna challenge those guards that they have, which is gonna challenge Hawaii is gonna challenge Paul George, which is gonna get them tired for the next round. So, you know, this is a tough matchup for the Clippers. This is a tough, tough matchup for Dallas, but Dallas's favorite because Luka, this is Luka team. Right. So I'm not playing him straight up. Not one game. So you gonna take your chance with Kai?

1 (30m 46s):
Yeah, I'm gonna let Tim Hardaway. Tim Hardaway, you gonna have to have 50 man, you gonna have to be Luka, right? You gonna have to be, you going to have to be Luka. I'm not gonna let both y'all get off while he's like, it's just a different Kyrie's Kyrie, he's gonna figure out how to get his point. But I want Kyrie to think like Boston, right? If I'm cutting, if I'm cutting Luka off, Kyrie has to now try to think about the team. So if he's thinking about the team, he's not being Kyrie. Right? Right. I want him to to be the perfect number two option where he just thinks about kill mode.

1 (31m 29s):
Right. Right. I want him to, I want Kyrie to think about getting everybody involved. If you can take Luka out and make Kyrie think about the rest of the team, he probably might look like the Kyrie in Boston where he's trying to be a point guard. If Ky Kyrie's trying to be a point guard kind of helps us out a little bit. If Kyrie's just is out there thinking about scoring we right. But I'd rather just have him do it then have him and Luka doing that. I think the thing is, when you're looking at it, Daniel gaffer is, is all dunks and lay up. So he, he's probably shooting 80% from, from the floor because he was six or six tonight. Remember he was on that stretch where I think he made like 25, 30 something straight shots in the row.

1 (32m 14s):
Kyrie is very efficient. Even though he takes, I mean he took 15 shots, he made 10 of them. He was five of eight from the three. Didn't shoot a free throw. Luka gotten better from the free throw line. He was seven of 8, 4 15 from the, the the three point line. I think the thing is the, the, the question is, Gil, do you let Luka get his 40 no 50? No. Or do you or you try to try to limit him and make him a facilitator because we know he's capable, still capable of getting 15 assists. Even if you get 40, ain't no guarantee. Even if you say, well you know what, we gonna try to stop Luka. Ain't no guarantee that you stop him 'cause he still can get 33, 15 and 10.

1 (32m 56s):
I'm, I'm doubling. Soon as he passed half court, I'm running another man at him. I'm how we had to try to guard K and ai. He ain't as fast. He ain't I'm Hey Paul, George, you got him Hawaii go soon as every time he touch it go. Every time he touch it go. Y'all gonna have to play four on three. That's it. I'm not playing no games. I'm we not switching no pick. He tried pick and roll. We going to trap it. I am not allowing him to play me. If he get five shots up in this quarter, we got a problem. Oh, he getting up. He gonna get shots up and he better check it from the half court.

1 (33m 37s):
That's the type of trap. So you, so you you trap it. If you trap it as soon as he cross half court you gotta give it up court. I might trap him up. I got a three other three point line. I seen him shoot the half court. I might trap him dead. I need to frustrate him. I can't just let him look at one Defender. I need to, Hey, I need him to do one of these. Huh? Oh man. Oh damn. One of those, you know when you getting double Yeah. And play. you get, you get this, you get this ly. Oh man, you sit at the half court do one of those. That's what I need. But I hold on. What happened to the, what happened to the new co what happened to the new Scotty and Mike Jordan?

1 (34m 16s):
Jordan and people ain't tramp nobody. Nah, nah, nah, nah. We we gonna combine them. We gonna, we gonna combine them. Huh? We gonna have Scotty and Mike doing together. We, we gonna blend the two. Yeah, I, I, like I said I, the question is, and then Harden, what version of Harden are we gonna get? He doesn't need to be Houston Harden. We know he can have a game where he can go get mid thirties, maybe even forties. But it's still coming down to Kauai. If Kauai is not healthy, they're not winning the series. I I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do this too.

1 (34m 58s):
If Luca's gonna guard, harden, harden, I need you Houston Harden. I can't. No, because, because No, you can't have that Gail, because Kauai and PG gonna lose interest. I I don't even, I i I do not care. The the, the reason is Luka has to, if we're gonna challenge him when he's on offense, I need to challenge him when he is on defense. Right. Yeah. And if he's gonna guard the guy who's not gonna score, he's gonna get all his rest. So that means I need to, to hit him on both sides of the court. So James Harden, I need you to be the most aggressive round two and three.

1 (35m 42s):
Round two. Okay. Kauai and pg that might, but this round we need to challenge Kyrie and Luka or whoever Luca's Guard we're gonna go at, we have to go at Luka defensively. Right. Because if he gets in foul trouble, that hurts his offense. If you get him in foul trouble, he sits down, he gets frustrated. We need to attack. We can't just let this man play all offense. So if, if he gets this hit, James Harden and James Hard has taken 10 shots. You done did Dallas a, a, a great job because you worrying about pg. This ain't your series, bro. This ain't your series PG series.

1 (36m 24s):
Hey PG said, man, I wore that long term extension. I ain't playing with you Gil. I better get my shots up. But, but, but it's, it's, it's a game plan. Right. If you don't sacrifice for the game plan, then you know we just go ahead and get on up out here. I, I'm SIII sacrifice for my portfolio portfolio. Hey, I just saw, I just saw Holiday get four for 1 35. He say, so I'm looking at, I'm looking at four for 1 75, 5 JR. Holiday shit you get I want two for 1 75. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So man, you talking about sacrifice Uhuh because if I sacrifice the first thing y'all gonna say I'm slipping and y'all ain't gonna to gimme no max deal.

1 (37m 6s):
I need to be on the max. But I I think with the media today, if, if, if even if he has 30 and all that and they get out of the, if they don't get out the first round, they gonna be laughed at. They're not gonna be worth money. They, you know, sometimes it's just getting out the round. The best, the best game plan here is keep Luka from trying to play one-on-one basketball and then attack that man on, I don't care who he's got you, you find a way to attack him on, on, on, on that side. You gotta make, you gotta get him tired. Yeah. So you would, you would take the Clippers and you taking the, you taking the Clippers. I gotta see the first game.

1 (37m 47s):
Okay, if they go in my game plan, I'm taking the Clippers. If they're gonna go the same thing they've been doing for the last 28 games, but they but they win. They might, it might take them six or seven Gil. But the, but the, the Clippers haven't lost to the Mavery. Who, who? Whoever lost to the Maverick. They got Kyrie now. But you say, you say you ain't worried about Kyrie. Huh? You say you ain't worried about Kyrie. Listen, if Luca's gonna give you a 30, if he's gonna give you a th what, what he averaging 37. If he's gonna give you a 37, what does Kyrie need at this point? Kyrie, first of all, they ain't got nobody guard Kyrie? No, I, Paul George, they Paul, George, Terrence Mann, Kawhi Tuck.

1 (38m 30s):
Ain't nobody seeing him. Yeah. And I know where you, that's who you get the ball outta his head. Yeah, because you know he starts dancing. Oh man. Dropping these guys. See that's what I'm saying. 'cause I'm, I'm dropped. Like if because Kyrie has like Kyrie's gonna go guard James Harden. That means I'm dropping Paul George this, this a simple basketball two drop. Right two drop. Put him in, put him in, put him in that post pg, he's gonna guard you, get you close to the rim, lay that in. He can't block you. Right. Luka can't down there. Like I'm going really check, this is one of those where you are playing chess, you just can't play basketball. Right, right. I've watched enough playoff games. I've played in some playoff games where I'm looking at like, man we need to change it up or we gonna lose this series.

1 (39m 17s):
There's some series you went in and say it don't even matter what we do. When we played, I remember we played Miami and Shaq, Shaq didn't even play two of those games. And I know. Coach was like let's just not get swept swept. There was no we can do. Yeah, it it, I mean this was my, I mean, I mean just think about like when Shaq was in his pro, I mean, 'cause they won three in a row, but to get out of there to, 'cause it was always a dog fight between them and San Antonio. Yep. Because San Antonio had their system. They styled they going, they going to back country. You Tony Parker was a demon. 'cause he could get to the rim against anybody.

1 (39m 59s):
He wasn't gonna lay it or he go, he gonna play below the rim, but he gonna get to the rim and lay it up. Do. So Mannu was slashing knife into the basket and Tim Duncan was Tim Dunking. Yeah. It didn't matter. He gonna get his, but it's gonna be that, that's gonna be a very, very interesting series. I probably would take the Clippers but it, but it's all contingent on how Kawai Yeah. If Kawai ain't there, they not beating them without Kawai. Yeah. I mean they have enough. They look, they have enough firepower, but it, it's, it's still, they not beating them without Kauai. Gil, whoever has the best game plan, I don't care what game plan it came with, they didn't get it from the Pentagon did without Kauai was not beating them.

1 (40m 45s):
And I like Ty Lou, I like Ty Lou. The out coach is J Ke but without Kawhi they not beating the Mavericks. Not without Kawhi. Dallas has been a, a great defensive team last month, month and a half. They have, they have. So that's why I'm saying without Kawhi, they not beating Dallas. I just gotta see that first game. I wanna see what the, if he, go ahead. What, what do you wanna say here? Go ahead. Go out there and have 41st game. I'm like All right. All clips.

Choosing Sides: F1 (41m 26s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports. Lily Herman, my co-host in season one helped me choose a team, A driver. And then well We sent you on your jolly way. Yeah. I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. I'm Michael Costa comedian daily show correspondent. and We are back with season two because as it turns out, F one's newest fan is still a little Dazed and confused. Join Us for season two of Choosing sides F1. As we dive deeper into the rabbit hole of the pinnacle of motorsports, Who makes money here? What's CFD? How do you manage a tire? you get back in there. What are the rumors, what's the gossip? But you also know that someone's listening to your radio. I'm gonna pull up a picture of a T Cozy. I wanna see what this thing looks like. Are you gonna be doing that accent? This whole pod? Listen to season two of Choosing Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts Or wherever you get your podcast, you find it.

Games with Names (42m 25s):
I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names and we're on the search to find the greatest games of all time. I'm talking Hall of Famers MVPs Gold medalists. I absolutely Hate the Cols bro. This game, I swear, led to the de play Game. Hey guys, this ball's a little Flat. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of super Bowl? Julian Walking around. I'm pretty sure he had his shirt off for reasons. I'm not sure he was saying. Gotta believe. Oh, you gotta believe from 18 one with Eli, he come build just a cheater. Is that what you're saying? I'm saying right now he is looking for an advantage. The 2004 A LCS with big pop B. Hey, Red Socks in 2004 bounced back after the three and oh in a winner. Chicken dinner homie. The immaculate reception with Terry Bradshaw fired the ball. I hear the Roar of the crowd. I never thought he caught the ball, But he did. We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes dropping weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

MTV's Official Challenge Podcast  (43m 29s):
MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. And guess what? So are we Just in case you forgot, I'm Tori Diehl. I'm a six time finalist and a challenge. Champion And. I'm Anisa Ferrera And. I've been gracing your screens for the last two decades. I am a veteran challenger and challenge all star. And speaking of all stars, all stars. Four is finally here. I'm gonna be honest, I literally thought this day was never going to come. Well the challenge, gods have answered our prayers and we going to be right here along with you fans covering every episode on the podcast. And this season takes it to a whole new level. Old school legends, modern power players, redemption seekers and ex lovers are all competing at Cape Town South Africa for the prize of $300,000. Anyone can win. Relationships matter and only one All Star will claim the title of Challenge Champion. Listen to MTV's official challenge podcast starting on April elevens on the iHeartRadio app Apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

1 (44m 35s):
Charles Barkley calls out the sons for being mentally before be, for being weak and soft. Let's take a list of what Chuck had to say.

13 (44m 45s):
Sons, are they gonna figure it out?

14 (44m 47s):
No, they're not gonna figure it out. What's that mean? Well, they not. They're not, they. They look, they don't have any mental toughness. The leaders are not leading. So you know you're not going to turn it on this late in the season. So I'm not sure what you expecting, but they're mental tough and they're weak mentally and it's not gonna go good for 'em. What

13 (45m 9s):
Do you recommend? How do they fix what

14 (45m 10s):
They're doing? Well that's on them brother. Yeah, but I'm from Florida. They just really soft and their leadership is not the player's leadership. The players have not led

1 (45m 20s):
What's your take? Oh man. And it seems to be, it seems to be a real current theme on teams that Kevin Durant own. We saw this in Brooklyn, not so much. Look, it was ready to, we know Golden State, Draymond, Steph Clay, so forth and so on. But I don't remember now. I don't remember hearing anything about leadership when Kevin Durant was an OKC. Now probably Russ was the leader of the team and KD was perfectly fine with that. KD won a hoop. KD ain't trying to give him no, no, no, no pregame speeches. No mid-game speeches. No, no post-game speeches. Kevin Durant come get his work in hoop, go do what he does.

1 (46m 5s):
But why does everybody seem like, what? What do from a, from a guy that played in the league outside looking in, maybe you know some things, but what do you think is going on with, with with Phoenix? Because they should be better. I don't, I don't care. I don't care if they ain't got no great elite defenders. They should be better than what they are. I mean no, we, we can't say that. But you know they haven't been healthy all year long. Right. They traded, they traded a lot of their team to get Bill and Bill missed a lot of this season. Right? Yeah. They traded a lot of their team to get KD too. So you know when you're missing one, you're missing a guy who got rid of three or four people. You're not gonna be as good as you're supposed to be.

1 (46m 47s):
But I don't like the idea of attacking someone's leadership. How do you know who's leading or not? Right? How you don't know. You don't know what's being said in the locker room. You don't know what is being said in practice. You don't know what because someone doesn't have emotions when you want them to having emotions. Not necessarily a leader. If Draymond Green wasn't there, well we be saying Seth is not a leader 'cause he don't talk. Right. Denver is Jokic your leader. He don't talk, he don't do pre-game speeches. He don't do none of that. Hell no. Jimmy Butler don't talk.

1 (47m 29s):
He don't say much. Right. So why are we always challenging someone's leadership? Because they're losing game or, or doesn't look as good as it's supposed to look. Basketball is basketball. Everyone leads in different ways, right? Right. Challenge you, who was, who was, who was, when were you a leader? Let me know what year did you lead your team? Right? You can't say the first year you got the sons. 'cause that was, that was Kevin Johnson's team. You were just a hired gun. It wasn't when you went to Houston, when you was in, when you was in Philly the first year y'all were successful.

1 (48m 11s):
That was Dr. J and Moses wasn't you? Right. They was calling you fat boy. You had to get in shape to be on that team. So we can, we can from the outside, we can always challenge somebody's leadership when they're, when we think they're failing. Right? Right. When we think they're failing. So we don't know who's, are they working hard? Although, has anybody said they don't, they don't come to the gym and work out and work and work on their craft? No. Have we talked about, man this has been a bad year for Kevin Durant? No. No we have not. He has showed up every single year. Devin Booker has showed up every single year.

1 (48m 53s):
They've done their part. If somebody's getting hurt or if they're getting hurt, we can't, we can't blame leadership on that. They got hurt. But for the most part, when those boys are on that court, they playing their asses off. Yeah, I mean you're right. I mean people lead in different ways. I was more of a, I think the thing is is that you have to understand the team that you're trying to lead or, or you've been entrusted to lead because you can't lead every guy. And this is a lot different than in a football team because you got so many more different guys. So many different, so many more people. And you know, you got guy, you know, tight ends go to one room and the running backs go to one room and the wide receivers go to one room and you got DBS and the Lineback and the old line and D line and the quarterback.

1 (49m 42s):
But I think at the end of the day, or me, my job was to make sure everybody understood the assignment. Everybody was, was, had bought in and you know, I'm looking, I'm looking around, is that, you know, okay, is this the reason why you missing assignments? Because you trying to get to the phone. Is this why you not doing what you're supposed to? Because you know, hey, I'm not going to, you know, go tell the coach, Hey coach, he out. He's staying out late. That's why I'm, I'm gonna come to you league bro. Now you do realize Denver is a football town. Yep. What do you think you can do that Mike's not gonna find out about?

1 (50m 29s):
I mean, you coming in here, you smelling like you just got out of VA alcohol. Yep. Go get your ass in the shower because you wreaking. Now we gonna go sit in this, this, this, this meeting room and, and you gonna be smelling like that. Go bro, come on now you got 20 weeks all we ask for. Give us four months. Can you give us four, five months? Then after that, if you want to go on a three month bender, take off with it. But I think the thing, if you have to, I mean like I said, I was, I was more of a come on now. This is what we expect. I ain't gonna let you sleep in the meeting room. I'm not gonna let you do what you do. I see you slack it off at practice almost. Hey I see. I couldn't just like follow my lead.

1 (51m 8s):
Yeah, follow my lead. Watch the way I eat, watch the way I practice, watch the way I do certain things. But you know, sometimes you have to give guys a little nudge. But then that's, but that's okay. That maybe that's not what Katie is and you can't make somebody something that they're not. But how do we know that? See, we, but that's what I'm saying. We all he see is the games. All we see is the games. Everybody doesn't, everybody's not Draymond Green when the cameras on. Right, right, right. Some people, some leaders, their brands is kind of big where they can't go out there and cuss somebody out. Right. When Jordan wanted to cut somebody out, what'd he do? Yeah. But I think the thing is now on the court, now I'm saying, I'm saying in the locker room at practice, shoot around where y'all in, you know, do y'all call team meetings?

1 (51m 56s):
See I call, I'll call, I would call a meeting, you know, not many. 'cause at, at, at some point in time it starts to fall on deaf ears Gil. So I needed to be, I needed to be like a, a a a crisis situation before you like, okay, we need to have a discussion about what's really going on. How do, how do we know that we don't? That's what I'm saying. We don't know how many meetings they have. We don't know who's hanging out. We don't know if they have in film session at kds house or Booker's House. We don't know. All we doing is just making up what we wanna make up just because they not winning. Oh, they solve everybody solved the whole team Softing Gil, do what We know they soft. Who's, I don't see nobody bullying a ain't nobody aint, ain't nobody ever been able to keep anything a secret.

1 (52m 40s):
Now you see that videotape, that videotape got out of Dre mom. So that kid And I didn't it? Yeah. Now it was that. Oh no, hell nah. Nah, you lead, lead to lead, lead to a ass whipping. That's, we can challenge everybody's leadership if we want to. Everybody Hey then Gil, this is what I know. Let let, yeah, lemme be real with you Gil. All the way live and Shannon. I thank y'all. Agree? If we like you we'll like your leadership ship style. If we don't, we won't. Yeah, because I don't give a damn how many championships you want. You not Finn to punch me to get me to do my job. Now my job, I got a different job. My job was to block and catch pass and now my job is whip your a i three jobs.

1 (53m 24s):
I overtime. No, no, no, no. Look, I I get it. No, I get it. And I wasn't you. Like I said, I had to, you know, wait, my turn, you know, you come in. I was a seven round draft pick. I just buy, I bid my time. And then as I started to get more and more and more of plays, I understood that, you know, you know, coaches were like, Hey, more is expected of me as far as, you know, being talkative, you know, my play warrant, that I could say some things that probably early in my career I couldn't say. But I, I don't believe it, I don't believe in that, that that punching people to get people to do that. I, I I I don't, I don't get, you know, people like, well he, if you think Michael punching Steve Curry in his eye was the reason Steve knocked that shot down.

1 (54m 13s):
You out your damn mind. Listen, I can tell you this. You punched me, you ain't getting the ball. I ain't right that I even talk, Hey, y'all can, hey, you can do whatever you wanna do. You hit me. You are not getting the ball. Only way you get the ball is I'll not pa I don't give a shit what he calls. You're getting the ball from me. And, I proved those points plenty of times. Yeah. Yeah. So I like you said, there, there are different ways to lead and you have to understand who you're trying to talk to because everybody, you can't talk to everybody the same way. Some guys, you can be stirring with some guys, you can be facetious with some guys, you be like, damn bro, my, my grandma could have caught that one.

1 (54m 59s):
Yeah. I said, yeah, damn, son, you out here like a blind dog in a meat house. You know, you saying things and you're like, well bro, what, what you do last night? So, you know, you, you, you, you try to, you try to lead guys in a way that they understand that because I'm trying to get a guy to do more than he thought he could. That's at the end of the day, that's, that's really what I'm trying to do. I am, look, I ain't trying to look, I'm not your pastor. I'm not your guidance counselor. I'm not your site. I'm just trying to get you to do more than you think you can. And, and whatever ways I need to do that without, you know, I'm not going be belittle you. I'm not gonna mofo you because at the end of the day, we all men don't lose sight of that now.

1 (55m 43s):
Yep. That don't ever, don't ever, ever lose sight of that. You might have more tenure than me. You might make more money than me. But guess how I walked in here as a 22-year-old man. Guess how I'm gonna walk outta here as a 30-year-old man Now if I have to take a ass cutting, or you have to take a ass cutting to see it is what it is, but I'm gonna be, you know, I'm gonna be respectful of you. I want you to be respectful of me. 'cause at the end of the day, it's all about respect. That's what it's about, Gill. It's, it really is. But in the NBA, it, it's, it's, it's it's power.

1 (56m 23s):
Right. And the star player has the power and you know, sometimes if the star player's not the leader, the leader don't have no power, he gonna have to shut up a little bit. Right. Right. Again, you know what I mean? Depending on who you are, depending on how mentally weak your star player is, you being a leader of that team, you leading everybody but him. Yeah. That's what happens in locker rooms. Right? Locker locker. Like, like even with, with, with, with someone like Kevin, your leadership is depicted on the personalities in this locker room. If the personalities in this locker room is soft and you a rah rah guy, you, you, you don't want to be the black.in the white room.

1 (57m 14s):
Right. Because they looking at you like lunch, man. It's more of them. It's more, it's more of them. Right. And you, you, the person that stands out, they want you out. So sometimes you gotta bite your tongue. Pat Bev, he can't be Pat Bev. Every team he go to, he maybe just one guy. He get to be Pat Bev with one guy. For the most part. He has to pick and choose who he gets to bring that energy to. Yeah. Right, right. You know, so, you know, the, the, the, the, the NBA locker room is not like football. Right. We might be tight as hell. You missed me or missed the shot. And I said something that you didn't like. That right there broke the friendship up.

1 (57m 54s):
I want you off this team. Damn. It's neither me. And they, it's me, me or him. Hell nah. I mean, we understand, you know, we understand guys go drop a pass, especially in a crucial situation. My thing is that always, look, let's not put ourselves in a situation where a missed call or a a, a call that goes against us or drop or this doesn't cost us a game. So if we keep ourselves out of those situations, we'll be fine. We put out, you know, the thing that Mike used to always tell us, say we put ourselves in this situation, we should have put this game away long, long ago.

1 (58m 37s):
But I think the thing is, is that for me, like when I got to Baltimore, I understood the assignment. I understood why I was there because Ozzy and, and, and they really felt that they had a team that could contend, but they just needed, you know, somebody on the offensive side that had success, that was vocal. That team was already, was very vocal. They hadn't won anything, but they were prime And, I. Think the thing is Ray and Rod were already there. I knew Ray, I knew Rod a little bit because he, he came in the league in 87. I came in in 90. We had made a couple of pro bowls together. So I kind of knew him a little bit. I didn't really know Ray even though we had made a, a, a pro Bowl together.

1 (59m 17s):
But I think the thing is, is that our friendship, because ga I mean we went, we went five weeks. We didn't score a touchdown. Right. And so it could have easily split at the seams, but I just remember having a conversation with, with Ray and with, with Suge and Woody. I was like, guess what? The best thing about football, they don't take, they don't take units to the super Bowl. They take teams and unless we get better on our side of the ball, which we will. And so it, we stayed together because that could have pulled us apart. Yeah. I mean they ca they holding people to 10 points and we losing the game.

1 (59m 58s):
Yeah, yeah. Like, oh bro. And then once we got it going and you know, they like sha if y'all give us 10 points early, it's over. I said, man, bro, we in the playoff, these are the best team. They say Shay give us 10 early. It was curtains. But you have to, you do. I mean, but you have to pick and choose how you lead people because everybody doesn't receive what you're giving the same way. Yeah. We, some people tune your ass out or some people might wanna lump your ass up. No, our our trick our trick is be because everything is moving so fast that we spend a lot of time with each other off the court.

1 (1h 0m 44s):
Yeah. Okay. We're making sure we go to movies, dinners like New Year's, somebody like I hosted New Year's party at the, at my house. Right. When we go on the road, like we gonna all be planning each other's rooms. Right. We made sure, so we had the friendship so tight off the floor, whatever happened on the court, we let it go there. Right. Okay. Yeah. It's class man, I ain't giving you nothing today. Like you ain't got it right. Like you just a mama's boy. It didn't, it didn't affect like that real time trash talking. You having somebody trying to talk to you and you know you get to going.

1 (1h 1m 24s):
Right. That didn't affect us. Right. So it, it was very, it is very important for NBA players to have a real friendship offer. Because in real time, in real time we we're on edge all day, right. In games. Right. Saying something to this person, this person says something, we going here, I missed three free throws or something. This you tell me, come on dude. Like come on. What you mean? Come on, you, you just got in the game. Right. It it be, it be, you know the tension's so high that, that we don't lose respect for each other. During, during those heated, those heated battles, the Celtics true Holiday agreed to a four year, $135 million contract extension.

1 (1h 2m 11s):
Holiday becomes the fourth player to sign a guaranteed deal worth at least a hundred million dollars at the age of 33. Or LeBron James, Steph Curry, And I. Bet you won't guess who the fourth player is. Holiday is one, LeBron is two, Steph Curry is three. Gil can you gr guess that'd be Kevin Durant? Nope. That signed a max. He signed a at least a hundred million dollars deal at the age of one, at the age of 33 or older. Oh, age of 33 and older. So he had to sign him within the last two, three years. Would that be Chris Paul? Nope. Nope.

1 (1h 2m 53s):
I don't. Big al Horford al still in the league. Man. Al still, al still cash you them checks. I know, I I be forgetting man. Al was old eight years ago, man. Shit. Al Horford, the Celtics Jalen Bryan will make 40, 49 0.3 million. Jason Tatu will make 34.8 million. Holiday will make 30.1 million. Christoph Pingus will make 29.2 million and Derek White will make 19.5 million. That's the starting lineups.

1 (1h 3m 33s):
I I don't know. I I listen, he he lives around the corner. He's he's he is, he's a valley guy. Who that Holiday Holiday Boys is from the Valley. Yeah. I don't know if I pay him this right now. Right, right Now the reason is who is better right now between him and White. Right. I know white numbers is better right now White is about what, four years younger play the same type of game.

1 (1h 4m 14s):
Could I do better with that money and, and free agency And that would've been my thing. Right? Can I do better with this money? Can I get a Clay Thompson as a premier? He coming to the Lakers, huh? No, I'm just saying it seems like he like shooting a staple. So we gonna break his ass here and let him play 42 games in Staples. I'm just saying, you know, right now his going rate four years, 40,000,004 years. 60. Right. I'll save myself a lot of money. Right. I got a guy who plays defense, got a guy who, who, who hits the shot. He knows how to move. You know what other free agents is out that I can, I can get, I mean Jrue Holiday average is 12 five and four.

1 (1h 4m 58s):
He's a two-Way player. But I have that in And. I have the same thing in White. White is gonna be up a year from now. Then you have Jason Tatum, I gotta pay Jason Tatum gonna get damn near what they say. Luka Go go can get command the highest contract by three 80 400 million. But Jason, Jason Tatum going to be right there. Yeah. So, you know what I mean? So I got, I I got money. So I don't know if I'm guaranteeing I don't, I mean it's not a bad deal. Right. It's not a bad deal for me. You know, this is one of those, I guess this is one of those deals where he's such a good guy. Probably good guy in a locker. Yes. He's, he's, he's sacrificing for the betterment of the team.

1 (1h 5m 40s):
Oh he definitely sacrificing his office again. He might be one of those like I know, I understand those deals where, but I mean Boston screwed a lot of people over. So this, this would've been just another one, one of those type of players that you could have screwed and went into free agency to see what you can do. But you know, he's earned the money. You know, this is, you know, this is one of those things that he's a two time all star, five time defensive player, first team last year. He is playing great this year. He's an elevated, you know, 135 with the max being three 80. He's worth it.

1 (1h 6m 21s):
He's worth it. Dime Magazine ranked the top challenges to the Celtics in the East playoffs. Number one was Milwaukee. Wait, wait. Dime Magazine ranked the top challenges to the Celtics like dime. Like DIME? Yeah. Dime Magazine. Okay, I'll, I'll give you the top five. Milwaukee was one, the 76 ERs was two, the Knicks were three, the heat was four. Orlando Magic five Heat. What seems outta place to you given Gianni's injury? Buck should be nine. Yeah. See Jet Magazine.

1 (1h 7m 6s):
Jet Magazine Did they top five? They got, he won next to Philly three Magic four bucks, five. I'm tell you Joe. L And if Joe l and b is gonna stay healthy, Joel and B is the number one threat to the sixes. To the, to the, to the, to the, I mean so mean he is the number one threat to the Celtic. Excuse me. Nah, nah, nah. That's lunch meat. No, no, no. Not with Tyree. Max and him. Oh no. Oh. Al's own him. Who? Alford. Man, that's your old cook Al. Oh no, no, no, no, no. I don't even know if, I don't even know if MBE has beaten Boston.

1 (1h 7m 47s):
Finish cheese steak. What you want on it? Nah, nah, nah. He you want cheese wins what you want. Listen, he tried to bring Al in to help him get past Boston. Nah, no that's one. Like I'm not, I'm not, that's one team he don't want to play. I want to Tyree Maxey. I like Uber. Uber's been a very, very sneaky lice. A nice edition been good. I still don I still don't know what happened when that bicycle, but that's neither here nor there. That's another here nor there. We're gonna let that go Gil. We're gonna let that go. We don't know what happened but hey, he's back. He's back now. But man, man, miss, miss practice missed the game so he got ran over.

1 (1h 8m 31s):
Ain't no now you know all these street, these major major cities got CCTV everywhere. Ain't nobody got no cell phone video. Ain't nobody got no dash cam video ain't got nobody got no GoPro video. Ain't nobody got no video or nothing. All they do is see him coming in, coming into his building with a bicycle on his shoulder. Hey it happened. Nah, but look I got heat. I mean heat knows how to play them well. Right. You know, heat has been been having a number. The reason I say that Knicks is, Nicks is the defensive team. Boston is a junk shooting team.

1 (1h 9m 11s):
Right? They, they love the jumper, right? You got someone like Brunson controlling the game, making it a half court game. That could be a good series. I got Philly third and the reason I got Philly third is, you know they do have in B but in in MBI is not as healthy as he was when he was getting his ass whoop by Boston. But they do have mbi, right? So usually MBI is gonna give you about 32, 33 and 12 against them. Yeah. Not good enough, right? It's not good enough to be Boston. That what we need. Maxi Maxi ship in and give us 25 and we get Uber give us 18 Tobias's Harris is gonna give us Tobis gonna, you know, finally earn that that max contract he got and give us 14.

1 (1h 10m 2s):
You done watch Puss boots, you done wash the last make all kind wishes. Nah, nah that's not how this one works. MBI usually tries to play this game. One-on-one 'cause he thinks he's the best player in the series and he can beat him by himself. And that's what usually happens in this series against them. And it's always happened. Those last five minutes, he refuses to pass the ball to anybody else and that's what Boston plays on that. Mbbi is gonna do what Bibi does and try to go for like Mbbi needs to literally average about 39 and 14. He has to go above and beyond against Boston.

1 (1h 10m 42s):
All I need is Tyrese, Maxey to be Tyrese Maxey. That's all I need. Tyree Maxie to do. And B going, gimme 35 Tyree Maxey, gimme 25, re gimme 18 to 20. Tobias gimme 14 to 16. Oh, he going, Hey, then they have to do what they did with what you would read A a, Hey just give it to me in the first seat. Lemme speak to you for a little bit. He go, all the numbers you just said is gonna have to be in the third by the third quarter because once the fourth quarter comes and B is sitting

Choosing Sides: F1 (1h 11m 27s):
Last season on the Choosing Sides F one podcast we established unequivocally that F one is the pinnacle of motorsports. We did, but honestly I was left with more questions than answers. Tony. I'm Tony Karen Brown, a tech culture and F one commentator. And I'm Michael Costa, comedian from The, Daily Show Join Us for season two of Choosing sides, F1, Our F1, 1 0 2, if you Will. And get all of the answers, all of them. Listen to Choosing, Sides F1 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you get your podcasts.

Games with Names (1h 11m 57s):
I'm Julian Edelman from Games with Names, and we're on a search to find the greatest games of all time with the players and coaches who lived in them. Ever wonder what a locker room feels like at a halftime of a super Bowl? Or what about the the after parties? We're gonna dive deep into the most iconic games with the most iconic people. New episodes dropping weekly. Listen to Games with Names on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

MTV's Official Challenge Podcast  (1h 12m 28s):
MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season And so are we. I'm Tori Diehl. And I'm Anisa Ferrera. The Weight is over guys, all stars. Four is finally here And this season takes it to a whole new level. Old school legends, modern power players and ex lovers are all competing in Cape Town, South Africa for the prize of $300,000. And we're going to be right here along with you fans covering every episode on the podcast. Listen to MTV's official challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.