UC San Diego (1s):
What's out there is unknown. So at uc, San Diego, out we go because to take on the challenges of the here and now, you gotta get your feet wet, your eyes open, and your mind out there. Way out there turning the unknown into cures, culture, and connections with each step forward. So pack a bag, a notebook, and some sandals. And get ready to look far and think further. uc, San Diego. Learn more@ucsd.edu.

BrightView Senior Living (31s):
Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.

GameBridge (1m 0s):
Nobody wants to outlive their money, but it happens especially for women. That's why Game Bridge offers the parity. Flex Annuity designed for women's unique retirement needs with flexible withdrawals plus a guaranteed lifetime income benefit that keeps paying you even if your account balance is zero. Gain. Bridge is helping build a better financial future for women. Retirement income you can't Outlive is the ultimate flex. Start saving now@gainbridge.io. Visit gain bridge.io/parity. Flex for current rates, full product disclosures and disclaimers and other important information.

0 (1m 34s):
The Volume.

PrizePicks (1m 37s):
This show has been presented to you by Prize Picks. That's right. Go and download the sports begging app right now. Go and download it. Prize picks using my promo code trash. Yeah. With the two Hs. It's popping up right now behind me on the screen. Two Hs going. Download it right now. They'll match you all the way up to a hundred dollars. You put a hundred, they gonna put a hundred. Simple as that. You bett either over or under nothing else. Simple, easy things you can do. And just to win. Simple as that. Just show being presented once again by prospect going download. It's your boy Bubba. Do On The Bubba Dub Show the fire.

3 (2m 12s):
Welcome back. Yeah, welcome back. I told y'all man, I'm coming on five days a week. Yeah, believe that though. Hey, today's show we got, I got, I got a show for y'all today. And it's don't be more than 20 minutes. I know. I been hearing y'all talking to me Doug. We want the show to be longer. Well, a day you going to get that. I guarantee you that before I even start though. Y'all know the rule. Yeah. For the, for, for my day ones. Let the newcomers know how we get down over on The Bubba Dub Show on The Volume. First off we hit the like button. Yeah. Make sure you go ahead then subscribe. Make sure you subscribe. 'cause you gonna wanna know when I'm dropping. Believe it. You gonna want, you gonna want this heat because you know I'm talking about everything and everything.

3 (2m 56s):
Yeah. With all that being said, you know I, I got to start the show off with Lakers Vest. Nuggets? Yeah. Lakers got the Nuggets this weekend. They in Denver. They in Denver. Y'all Now before I even start on this subject, I gotta bring my uncle Ray in. I I I gotta bring uncle in I niggas expertise on this. He gonna break the game down for y'all. Real talk. Yeah, lemme call my uncle. Matter of fact, man, I gotta call my uncle man. What's going on man? Hey Unc. Where you at? You here? All right. All right. All I on the way. Y'all let him talk to y'all Mr. Ray.

3 (3m 37s):
Come, come, come, come on down Mr. Hey boy. Hold on just a second now. Boy. Who, who just assist, assist. My nephew got up in here. Mr. Ray. Huh? We're alive, man. Oh my back. My back. Hey. Yeah. How y'all doing? My, my nephew Junior got me on this show. Better make sure he paid me too. Better make you get me my money anyway. Back my day. Big man dominated. Yeah. So exit Davis. These are the keys to beating the devil Nudges. Get the ball right here. Now you going like to catch you get the post. I don't know why you gotta get your defender on you. You got to get a feel. You know, I know it's all me and him, but you know you got to get him feel. You can either turn that shoulder this way and you might get him rocking this way. Or you might turn that shoulder this way and get him rocking this way.

3 (4m 19s):
Well, either or. You gotta make up your move. You got to make it fast. You are a big man. You gotta keep the ball prayer at all times. Don't bring the ball down him a short man like myself. Knock the ball out your hand. So these the keys to the game ad. you get the ball in the paint, you got yos on you. Or you might have that young boy pull barbecue chicken. Get the ball right here. Now you got to make your move quick 'cause the defense, they gonna be trying to key in on you. You make you move fast or you pass the ball out. You know hot potato hot. you get your mo back in my day. Look, we got that old hook. Si.

3 (4m 59s):
Hold on, hold on. Hold, hold on. Somebody calling me? Yeah. Hey. Oh, why, what you want? I'm in the middle of something. I thought you fixed my car. Boy did fix it. What the hell? You say what wrong with it? Hey man, you said it gonna stop on dime ain't going at all. And do stop a dime. Took 23 hours on that damn call. I'm, I'm busy man. My Cadillac converted Miss It won't go shit. What? Now I play. Look here, look here, lemme call you back. I'm doing so nephew, man, I gotta go my phone. Hey, I'm sorry about that y'all. I gotta go Uhy. NBA playoffs Mr. Ray. I'll see y'all next week. Hey Junior, give my damn money. Y'all heard what UNC said? Yeah, the big man. Now let me break it down for y'all man, because like I say, the Lakers done lost the last eight games to the Nuggets.

3 (5m 42s):
Everybody keep asking me Doug. Why? Why do you believe so much that the Lakers can beat the Nugget? God. Yeah. God gonna be wil us on this one because everybody know last year every shot Yos threw up every shot. Mary threw up every shot. KCP threw up every shot. Pourer threw up they head. Well it ain't gonna happen this year. Now let's break it down y'all. Let's get in the game. Yeah. Do you hear me? This the, do you hear me segment? I want y'all to hear me on this. First of all, what the Lakers don't do, it's gonna start with do Ham, the head coach. You going, you gonna keep them hands out your pockets fam. Yeah. Every time you stick your hands in the, I'm gonna put some, some, some loss in your pockets. So every time you stick your hands you gonna get stung.

3 (6m 24s):
Every time. This is what we going to do. We gonna rebound, we going. I rebound di we going. I hustle Devil. We going get more steals than Denver. We going be more aggressive than Denver. We gonna be more assertive than Denver. Huh? We gonna play with a sense of urgency than than Denver. Because one thing that Denver Nuggets do have, y'all, y'all know that the altitude they got, they on their side. You go out there that first quarter, you wind it. I mean you, it just what it is in Denver. It's the altitude and mess with your breathers. We get that. But we passed all that right now we got some veterans on this team. They in great shape, you know, great condition. Starting off with LeBron averaging 25 this year.

3 (7m 4s):
Phenomenal, phenomenal what he's being able to do in this 21st season with LeBron. But we already knowing to come to play. LeBron gonna give us from 25 to 30, we know that, we know that Aggie, we going to need 30 a night from you fam. 30 a night from you Austin Reeds. I need 15 to 18 points from you Dlo. I need 18 a night. If Dlo can give us 18, we got a chance. Simple as that. Ruy 15 from you. Everybody else can chip in what they can. It's going to start with bro ad Dlo and Austin Reeds. And this is how we going to have to neutralize the Denver Nuggets. We going to have to start putting, like I said in in the show before we going to have to start putting Jamal Murray in the pick and roll.

3 (7m 45s):
We gotta make him work on the defensive end. So in the fourth quarter, his legs tied his knees out really bad. Yeah, I know, I know. I held to Jamal. Jamal Murray is a beast, but his knees have been ailing him. So if I'm Darwin Ham, I'm putting people like Van do when he come back, Vincent, when he come out, come in to to, to bump, to bump Mary on them knees and see how really good they are. I mean, nothing, nothing, nothing dirty because we don't believe in playing dirty. We believe in playing fire and beating you fire and square. But if I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm picking at them knees. Fa I'm doing, I'm, I'm back cut plays and this and that just to, just to, just to test them knees.

3 (8m 25s):
That's what the Lakers going to have to do. Yes. The Denver Nuggets is the ringing champions. We know that. But if any team can beat Denver, it's the Lakers. Well how can you say that y'all gonna lost eight straight because they got LeBron James over there. And I. LeBron James is 15 and one in the first round of the Playoffs. You gonna want a beg against the goat. You gonna want a beg against the goat in this. So all I'm saying though, so I know y'all dimmer fans out there. Oh it's gonna be a Jman sweet. No it ain't. I don't know who told you that but them ain't the same team they were last year in the playoffs. I'm just telling they ain't, they ain't as good as they was. They still good and they still good enough to win it off.

3 (9m 5s):
But they are not the same team they was last year. That's all I'm saying. Now if you, if you don't like what I'm saying, you like man you tripping. Duck getting to come section. Let me know. 'cause the game tomorrow. Yeah, the game tomorrow. It's happy Friday here, the game tomorrow it's gonna be played seven 30. Tune in Lakers. Nuggets getting to come section. Let me know what, who you got. Stay tuned. You know I got more fire on the way. NBA playoffs is about to start y'all NBA playoffs is about to start. Let's go. Everybody being hitting me up Dub. What you got against the Mavericks? Nothing finna talk about it. I would just wait for it to get close to the playoffs. But we here now you got the Dallas MAs against the Los Angeles Clippers.

3 (9m 49s):
This going to be, this gonna be one, this probably gonna be one of the best series in the first round right here. And. I'm thinking it's going to go something And. I know I've been throwing poles and boats out there. Time to see which way it's going to go. You got the mayor, you got the Clippers. Everybody been saying they got the clippers. Not me. I'm from Texas baby I'm robbing with dollars. I feel like I'm gonna break something down. Y'all something y'all probably ain't never thought about because I know I got a lot of old heads that watch me. I love y'all. I'm gonna see what y'all think about this. I'm comparing Luca Dungeon and Kyrie Irving to the movie White Man Can't jump y'all remember Snipes was Sidney.

3 (10m 30s):
That's Kyrie Billy Ho Willie Harrison. That's Luca Remember could shoot it. Now tell me I'm lying. Y'all tell me I'm lying. I'm telling you right now what Kyrie is being able to do because they always say he wasn't a great teammate and, and this and that. Okay cool. But what he's been able to do since he's come to Dallas, he can change this life. Now he's Muslim now he's more calmer, more relaxed. No all smiles a team player, a leader. I thought them things I would never say about Kyrie but I lied. Kyrie is help leading this mouth teams and they looking great. Of course you got probably the MVP go league this year and Luca average 33 points a game.

3 (11m 13s):
Average 9.8 assist a game boy was bawling. I'm talking about absolutely bawling and yeah Luca cry lot And. I do mean he cry. I mean that baby be crying. You gotta rock him to sleep sometime in Russell Westbrook. Boy rock him to sleep. But he going to put Russ to sleep this series. Four, $3 over the clippers. Simple as that. If you think I'm lying, get in the comments and beg to differ with your boy. Remember like I told y'all, I will be, I'll be in the comments too. I might ask you a question in the comments. you get it right. You could win a prize over here on The. Bubba. Dub Show? Yeah on The. Volume. Stay tuned. Got mo. He on the way. More playoffs on the way. Stay tuned.

3 (11m 53s):
We rocking and rolling baby. Happy Friday. Yeah I just got off the phone with my baby mama. Time I sitting that child support, I'm, I'm gonna send it when I get time. I'm gonna send that money over there. I know it's Friday. Couldn't tell me good morning or nothing. Where the money? It's on the way. Golly. Just, just oh man I pray nobody ever had to go through child support man. It's just pain in the butt. But neither here nor there. I playoffs once again. Yeah, the Knicks Nicks in the playoffs baby. What gotta tell you before I even get started on the Knicks, shout I out to Spike Lee. Him and Denzel Mo. Denzel Watson got a new movie coming. Shout out to Spike Lee. I know you super excited about the Knicks, you and Tracy Morgan. I get it. Jaylen Bronson, you really out there by yourself fam Julius Round hurt.

3 (12m 36s):
I was just hoping I would. Just hoping Julius Randall could could be her with you and see Nixon at at at at full. At full strength. But all that being said, you still got Josh Har over there. You still got Josh Hart? Oh with the Knicks. You got that player? I can't think of his name. Y'all got him from Toronto. Y'all gonna tell me in the cums who I'm talking about might be Adobe. One of 'em, one of them names I'm thinking about. I just can't say it right now. But I got the Knicks win in this first round. I got the Knicks win in this first round. New York need this. No Diggy need this Biggie. Big pun. Big A all 'em rolling in their grave right now. They won a championship in New York.

3 (13m 17s):
You not going to get it this year though? You ain't gonna get no ring this year, no championship this year. But New York deserve this. Y'all back it's excitement And Ma Madison Square Gordon. I got a lot of friends up there. A lot of fans in New York. The excitement is back in the city. They walking around, they smiling. They got the Timberland boots on the rats got durags with Timberlands on big bubble coats. I seen a rat last time. I was up there with a, with a six pack and a pal jacket. True story in New York. I seen a rat in a PEO jacket with a six pack and some fresh bls. Real talk. You know them rats in New England. I mean New York is super big. So y'all let me know who y'all got. Do y'all got the next wing in this first, first round or y'all got 'em losing man?

3 (13m 60s):
Give give the comment section and let me know. Stay tuned. I got more heat on the way. Everybody been asking me about them. Knicks. Yeah, the Knicks playing the Sixers. Yeah. Big Fi Skecher wearing mb. Yeah. This gonna be a series right here and it's gonna shock y'all. It's gonna shock y'all. Who, who my pick is. I'm riding with the New York niche. Jalen Bronson bawling. Do you hear me? Spike Lee shooting the movie again. J-Lo still will be in no digs. Still riding bikes with no arm, with no seat. It's a beautiful thing in New York right now. Like I tell my people in New York, you know I'm riding with you. Sigley in New York got so much excitement. I seen a rat with, with some, with some pop smoke braids with a PEO jacket square business.

3 (14m 46s):
I seen a rat like that. Or I pick a pop smoke. You know I miss you man. Real talk. Single New York mission. But we still riding for you. New York finna win this first round playoff series against the 76 ERs and it just simple as that. I hate that Julius Round is not gonna be able to play with a niche. Could be of full strength. But New York need this. Y'all deserve this. Man. Know a lot of people always say New York dirty is overcrowded. No, I love New York man. I love everything about New York, man. Do you hear me? I love everything about New York. Y'all coming out this first round, 76 ERs, you know, just a bad year for y'all, man. You know you had Jason Kel with the Eagles and Fletcher Cox with the Eagles.

3 (15m 26s):
They retired. Hey, I got a small statue. Meek Mill was in love with Diggy legend. I don't know what's going on in Philly. I thought it was some real GS in Philly. I got the Wallo and Gil, they real up there in Philly. You know what I'm talking about? I don't know. But getting the coming section and let me know who you got. New York or Philly. Stay tuned. NBA playoffs is here. I'm here. I'm back five days a week. Also, you can catch your boy on Apple, Spotify. If you can't get on YouTube, you can go and listen to it on Apple. Yeah, apple Music and Spotify. The above dub show is here baby. Let's go.

DraftKings (16m 2s):
Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Do you think it's more embarrassing to dye your hair or to have hair plugs? I don't think either are embarrassing if you're not trying to conceal it and act like you didn't. Okay, So you think if you just come out and go, I got hair plugs. Yeah, like check out these hairs. I mean don't just walk around. Hey tapping, hey, hey Stranger. I don't want you thinking this is natural, you know? But I mean Do you can do that with everyone you meet? You don't People try to act like they, you know what I mean? Yeah, But I mean like, like John Cena got 'em. You know when John Cena came back to wrestling, he had a bald spot and now he doesn't. Do you think he should be required in all interviews to say, look, by the way I covered up my bald spot. Yeah, I guess it's weird. I mean you don't wear a sign or like put a sign in your yard, but alright, So what about toupees? Those are the most obvious I, But let's say you're like Bill Self and you can get it to where it looks good. His is magical. I don't even know if his is a toupee. It is. I Think he went into the future and had a procedure we haven't even discovered yet. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts

UC San Diego (17m 19s):
At uc San Diego. We understand that in order to turn the vast unknown into new cures or human connections or expansive culture, you have to be willing to venture further out. That's why we'll go as far as the International Space Station with cancer cells in hand and novel medicines admired. That's why we map the seemingly randomness of forest fires and connect them with revolutionary AI to see where they'll appear next. And it's why we arrive on the San Diego Shore from all over the world to bring different perspectives to our world's biggest challenges. When you push the boundaries of science, art, and culture, whole worlds open up. And at uc, San Diego, that's where the real adventure starts. Learn more@ucsd.edu.

Gainbridge (18m 18s):
Nobody wants to outlive their money, but it happens especially for women. That's why Gain Bridge offers the parody Flex Annuity. It's designed for women's unique retirement needs with flexible withdrawals to help cover unexpected expenses. Plus a guaranteed lifetime income benefit that keeps paying you even if your account balance is zero. In other words, it's like getting a paycheck for life. We'll, say that again. A paycheck for life guaranteed sounds too good to be true. It's not. It's the parody Flex annuity and it's one more example of their commitment to creating a better financial future for women. One where they feel empowered, not excluded, and ready to take on whatever their next chapter holds. Game Bridge believes financial flexibility and security are things we all could use. Bo at retirement income you can outlive is the ultimate flex. Who's with us? Start saving now@gamebridge.io. Please visit game bridge.io/parity Flex for current rates for product disclosures and disclaimers and other important information.

3 (19m 23s):
Land Magic playing the Cleveland Cavaliers. Donovan Mitchell Oga against that. I think he a rookie. Paulo Rio, whatever his name is. You know I might have messed it up but y'all gonna correct me in the comment session. I know y'all I I know y'all going correct me on that. But me personally, Donovan, Donovan Mitchell, you been tripping Fa. I don't know what's going on with you man. You hit and miss one minute you are an all star then you fall back down then you are all, I don't know man. You need to play like a star period. Man. You got the skill set you was up there in Utah. Ball it. You can't block, you can't ball in Cleveland with Tristan Thompson. I mean Tristan Kardashian. Yeah. I don't know what you exciting about. You ain't playing Tristan boy. You about get that Gatorade ready.

3 (20m 4s):
Yeah, once you become a Kardashian it's around Now. I told y'all what the mall at. Like I told we ain't seen the mall since we was in that brothel. That's real talk. But nevertheless, team I'm riding with, I gotta go with the Cleveland Cavaliers. I think they going to be able to beat the Orlando magic. It's good that the Orlando Magic made it to the playoffs. I tell you that Disney World now they need that down there. But other than that though, excuse me, Cleveland gonna win that series man. FO two Cleveland. Then they'll get knocked out next round whoever they playing. But Duncan Mitchell, I'm expecting you to step up fam. You got your own signature shoe. Continue to make a name for yourself man. You supposed to grow, get better each and every year man.

3 (20m 46s):
Each and every year. Man you should be dumb bitch. You should average 35 points this series. No excuses man. If you beg to diff get the comments and say Dub. I don't think so. I think Orlando gonna do that. Well if Orlando win, pity Hardaway gonna be rolling over on Memphis campus real tall. He gonna be rolling over in Memphis campus full of joy man. Him and Shaq. Shaq gonna be rolling. No, nah say hot. But stay tuned though. You know I got more playoffs heat on the way Indiana Pacer playing just the Milwaukee trash Dark River bucks. First of off. Lemme say this youngest might not make it. This series which kind of change the dynamics of this playoffs series. If youngest, if youngest do not play against the Indiana Pacers, they will not.

3 (21m 29s):
They will not. They will not beat the pacer. Simple as that. Tyrese Halliburton do. Do you hear me or do And I? What I'm saying is, is this Milwaukee won't have enough to beat them. Dang that dang time. Damn outta time. That movie Denzel Watson was in outta time. Outta time Dame. Better hope youngish play because Doc Rivers ain't gonna do them. Coach 'em right out this cre and coach 'em right over there. Cancun is where they going to be. Simple as that. This team has done absolutely nothing under Doc Rivers and And I don't know who could argue with me on this. I feel like Doc Rivera stay at the nursing home where he was at enjoying his life. But no, he want to come over here thinking he gonna get an easy ring and that's just not the case.

3 (22m 13s):
You going have to fight for this one. You gonna have to bow for this one. And I. Feel like Indiana is coming on with it right now. Fan base going crazy out there right now. Just got Adams Apple, Caitlyn Clark over there. Beautiful thing going on in nap time right now. So with that being said, I got the baseless winger. This four three. Yes Baseless Advance into the next round. Welcome. Be walk bucks, go home and try to figure out things for next season. That's my take. Let me know what your take is. And I feel like the buck gonna get blew out. A couple games they could put in ths. Yeah, put in youngest brother, let him play. Y'all was talking noise to me telling me Brony ain't ready. Well you mean to tell me bro James ain't back to ths.

3 (22m 54s):
Stop it. If ths can make it bro can make it. Ain't nothing else to talk about. We gonna let Ade close this one out. Yeah. Rich Wild Ade. Y'all know she can sing. Yeah you on the bubble dub showing The Volume. Yeah. You can either watch me or you can listen to me. Let's go. This gonna be a great series right here. The Finger Suns against the Minnesota Timberwolves. You got Kevin Durant, Booker Bradley, bill against Ant Man co Anton this town and Ruge Goldberg. This going be a series. Do you hear me this going go four three and I'm going to shock you who I'm picking. I'm riding with the wolves.

3 (23m 35s):
You darn right. At Rodriguez is one of the owners of a Tim W. Yeah. So I've got Tim Ws ringing that oh three I feel, feel like Ant Man gets on another level right now. This young man has become a star. And. I ain't just talking about a star. I'm talking about a superstar in this league is what he's become. I know, I know. Kg going. Give me 25. I know, I know. I know who he is. KG is one of the greatest basketball players ever played his game. You still got Zebra Devin book over guy. He ain't gonna do nothing. He ain't gonna do nothing. He ain't gonna be able to move a nigga just to Timber Wolf. Timber Ws is advancing out this first round. The city of Minnesota need that come to Minnesota too.

3 (24m 15s):
Get come to Minnesota real soon, yo go and grab them tickets. Your boy Bubba Dub is coming to Minnesota but back to back to basketball, just come down the Xs and nos. I just personally feel like Minnesota got a beggar team. I know on paper it look like the Suns but the Minnesota Timberwood got the Bega team and it's just that simple Ant Man gonna ball out. Somebody gonna get poster ride. Yep. Anytime he Miss Goldberg got the rebound. So four, three Timberwolves, get in the comments section, let me know who you got. And simple as that man. Stay tuned. Mo NBA playoffs fire. It's either gonna be the Pelicans or the Kings playing the thunder. I already gave y'all my take. I told y'all the Kings gonna win this series, which is tonight.

3 (24m 58s):
Kings gonna beat the Pelicans tonight. And if I'm wrong I come right back on here on Monday and say I'm wrong. But I'm looking at the potential playoffs matchup will be the Kings rest Thunder. That series going to end in Six. Thunder in six. Real talk Oklahoma just gonna be too much for Sacramento. Like I say, Sacramento gonna have a six man, which is Malik Monk. I know Mary been balling, I know Fox gonna ball. I know Ong gonna do what he going to do but it's not gonna be enough to be set shy and no And I and them guys over there on that, on that squad. They young team they they rolling. They rolling over there and shout out the took the gm Sam Prety for players he been able to draft over the years to Kevin Durant, to Russell Westbrooks to James Hardin Shy like Sir debacle like they known for putting talent on the team.

3 (25m 46s):
Now whether they can win it or not remains to be seen but I got if the Sacramento Kings defeat the Pelicans tonight I got that series four, two Thunder over over the Kings. Let me know what y'all think about Shy. He's a potential MVP candidate as well. Averaged over 30 points a game right up under Luca this year as well. Oklahoma ain't all that boring no more like it used to be. You know they got the dispensaries up there now. Yeah they got the more dispensers up there in the Barbie be getting off. They be getting off in OKC. So you can go up there and have a good time If you wanna go up there and watch them playoff game, you gonna have a ball in OKC. Believe that. Stay tuned though. Got more on the way.

3 (26m 26s):
CELs just waiting on the heat. Other bulls don't matter which team make it. They both going to lose. They gonna get swept. Jason tag Jason tag over there man. Jaylen Brown, old Al Hartford, Pingus Drew. Holler. I mean what I mean what more do y'all want me to say? Ain't neither one them team gonna beat the Celtics? Paul Pierce rolling. No one FSN set Skip right now. He know the Celtics gonna be whoever win the night out the he and Bulls don't even really matter who win. They gonna get swept. Get the Celss. Simple as that. It's Friday. You know what I'm talking about. Fucking enjoy ourself. Playoffs is here man. Playoffs here. We fucking enjoy this. We're gonna put some meat on the grill. Gonna go get us a six pack.

PrizePicks (27m 5s):
You going go and make your picks on prize picks? Yeah promo code trash with the two H's.

3 (27m 13s):
Gonna be a good weekend. Great weekend. NBA playoffs man. Let's go y'all. It's your boy Bubba Dub. Yeah. Trash of day. Yep. Trash Sugar Day. Going to GM of a Jaguar. Trent bought passed gas during interview trash. Come on fam. You gotta be more. You gotta be more professional that passing gas. Come on now. You need to be getting the right players on that team still go feel, pass the gas. Your stomach hurt that damn bad boy. How ain that What going on? Your stomach hurt that bad. You knew that for you sick. I ain't got interview. You had gas. Don't nobody wanna smell that. That's unprofessional. You should be fine for that. Yeah, if I'm them new reporter man I Man I'll fine you for that man. Nobody wanna smell you up in there. You come on fam.

3 (27m 53s):
So my trash sugar day going to Trent bought trash. My trash sugar day going to you Madden Madden players. You not finna be no Madden player. That's unemployed fam. Stop it. Y'all get mad breaking y'all stick these dudes who play Madden like that. They ain't got no job. My little cousin down there in Jacksonville, Florida a dog. I'm ta. Matter of fact, before I even get to this story, I'm coming to Jacksonville. Yeah, I'm gonna be a dub Jacksonville, Florida do wrong. May 2nd. I'm gonna be out now May 2nd. I'm gonna be down there in Jacksonville, Florida. Grab them tickets to them. Shows you don't wanna miss me. Oh you got to see your ball on stage. But let me finish this story first.

3 (28m 33s):
I know y'all gonna see the flyer y'all. I know y'all gonna see a flyer on it. Pop up. I'm in Jacksonville. Go grab him ticket. But took the story. I'm trying to tell y'all. Trash Sugar Day. My little cousin ain't got no job unemployed. All he do is play Madden. My homeboy wanted to bet him, bet him that he could beat him. Let's just say your score was 75 0. You not be no unemployed Madden player and Madden, stop it. So my trash sugar day go to people who got nine to five that go to work but still wanna come home and jump on the game and think you finna be the unemployed person on the game. Never. It's not going to happen. Let it go. Let it go. Check this out Mr. Bub. Bubba Doub on The. Bubba Dub Show on The Volume. If you love this week's show, And I gave them to you.

3 (29m 13s):
Ain't gonna give you plenty more next week. Yeah, you know what to do. Hit the like button. Hit the subscribe button. Sure. That's what I need y'all to do. Hit the shy button man and share me with anybody. You can real talk. I need to support. Let's continue to push this show. Make it number one what you will be with Hard work. Do you hear me? With hard work? This show will be what number one. And y'all gonna help me get it there. I appreciate each and every one of y'all for taking the time out. Y'all busy day and night to sit here and watch me talk this trash talk the way I talk it. I hope y'all like it. I hope y'all love it. 'cause I'm gonna continue. I'm going to continue to give y'all more, more and more of it.

3 (29m 53s):
See y'all next week. Get in the comments session right now. Let me know what you think about the show. Let me know what you talk about, the topics I talked about and gimme feedback. Gimme feedback one, love. See y'all again next week. This's your boy Bubba. Do peace The Volume.

UC San Diego (30m 16s):
What's out there is unknown. So at uc, San Diego. Out we go because to take on the challenges of the here and now, you've gotta get your feet wet, your eyes open, and your mind out there, way out there turning the unknown into cures, culture and connections with each step forward. So pack a bag, a notebook, and some sandals and get ready to look far and think further. uc, San Diego. Learn more@ucsd.edu.

BrightView Senior Living (30m 46s):
Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.

Facet (31m 16s):
Am I doing the right thing with my finances? Am I saving enough? Can I buy a house? Am I paying too much in taxes? Will I be able to retire? Putting a financial plan together feels impossible. What if I told you there was another way? Take facets free financial wellness quiz. To get your score and a snapshot of your current financial health, visit facet.com now and discover your financial wellness score today. That's FACE t.com. This ad Is sponsored by Facet. Facet Wealth Incorporated is an SEC registered Investment advisor. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities, nor is it investment, legal, or tax advice.